the economic vitality of communities by providing quality jobs, training and career paths; investing in local suppliers; and supporting organizations and causes that matter to our customers and associates.
•
Ethics and Integrity
. We believe that people want to work for and do business with a company they can trust, and Walmart works to
create a culture that inspires trust with our stakeholders. We seek to achieve this, by focusing on promoting ethics and compliance, governance and oversight, responsibly engaging in public policy activities, using data and technology responsibly and respecting human rights.
We periodically publish information on our shared value priorities, strategies, progress, and challenges on the
environmental, social and governance ("
ESG") reporting section of our corporate website and may update those disclosures from time to time. Nothing on our website, including our ESG reporting, documents or sections thereof, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings with the SEC.
Human Capital Management
Our associates – powered by technology – play a critical role in delivering on our purpose to help people save money and live better. Our business is focused on serving people and this is delivered by our approximately 2.1 million associates around the world with approximately 1.6 million associates in the U.S. and approximately 0.5 million associates internationally. In the U.S., approximately 92% of our associates are hourly and approximately 68% of our associates are full-time.
We believe our people make the difference, and we are focused on investing in the growth and well-being of our associates, investing in digital experiences to improve their quality of work and creating a culture of belonging. An important part of our focus is to provide opportunities for associates to grow and learn. For some, we are a foundational entry point to develop critical skills that are relevant for a variety of careers. We are focused on developing, rewarding and retaining associates in an ever-changing environment. Our people ultimately make Walmart a better place to work and a better place to shop. Our workforce strategy includes the following strategic priorities: belonging, well-being, growth and digital.
Belonging
-
Focus on creating a workplace where all associates feel seen, supported and connected through a culture of belonging.
We publish our workforce representation and hold ourselves accountable to providing recurring belonging updates to senior leadership – including our President and CEO – and members of the Board of Directors. Of the approximately 2.1 million associates employed worldwide, 51% are women. In the U.S., 51% of the approximately 1.6 million associates are people of color.
11
Our Belonging focus aims to create opportunities for everyone, so that every eligible and qualified individual can thrive and perform. We regularly review