generally for fiscal 2018 through 2024. The Company also remains subject to income tax examinations for international income taxes for fiscal 2013 through 2024, and for U.S. state and local income taxes generally for the fiscal years ended 2018 through 2024. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, local or foreign examinations by tax authorities for years before fiscal 2013.
Other Taxes
The Company is subject to tax examinations for value added, sales-based, payroll and other non-income taxes. A number of these examinations are ongoing in various jurisdictions. In certain cases, the Company has received assessments and judgments from the respective taxing authorities in connection with these examinations. Unless otherwise indicated, the possible losses or range of possible losses associated with these matters are individually immaterial, but a group of related matters, if decided adversely to the Company, could result in a liability material to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements.
Note 10.
Contingencies
Legal Proceedings
The Company is involved in a number of legal proceedings and certain regulatory matters. The Company records a liability for those legal proceedings and regulatory matters when it determines it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company also discloses when it is reasonably possible that a material loss may be incurred. From time to time, the Company may enter into discussions regarding settlement of these matters, and may enter into settlement agreements, if it believes settlement is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders.
Unless stated otherwise, the matters discussed below, if decided adversely to or settled by the Company, individually or in the aggregate, may result in a liability material to the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss, beyond the amounts accrued, if any, that may arise from these matters.
73
Settlement of Certain Opioid-Related Matters
The Company entered into settlement agreements with all
50
states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico,
three
U.S. territories, and the vast majority of eligible political subdivisions and federally recognized Native American tribes to resolve opioid-related claims against the Company. In fiscal year 2023, the Company accrued a liability of approximately $
3.3
billion for these settlements, which include amounts for remediation of alleged harms, attorneys' fees, and costs. As of January 31, 2025, all of the accrued liability has been paid. Remaining eligible political subdivisions and federally recognized Native American tribes have until July 15, 2025 and February 24, 2026, respectively, to join these settlements. The Company will owe no additional funds for any eligible