members of our Audit Committee, have backgrounds or professional experience in risk management, digital platforms, information technology or cybersecurity.
The Audit Committee receives periodic updates from our Chief Information Security Officer ("CISO"), Chief Technology Officer ("CTO") and other members of management on risks related to information systems, information security, data privacy and cybersecurity. Specific topics may include updates to our company's approach to cybersecurity risk management; recent developments; key initiatives; the threat landscape; trends; and the results of certain assessments and testing. The
Board
of Directors receives regular reports from the Audit Committee chair on these and other risk-related matters as deemed necessary. Our CISO or other members of management provide information to the Audit Committee pursuant to risk-based escalation protocols for cybersecurity incidents that exceed established reporting thresholds.
Management's role in assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats
Our
CISO
leads Walmart's Information Security organization and has responsibility for overseeing our Company's cybersecurity program.
To operationalize our program, we deploy multidisciplinary teams, including cybersecurity personnel and professionals, to address cybersecurity threats and respond to cybersecurity incidents, including for those recently acquired and non-wholly owned subsidiaries whose systems have not been fully integrated into Walmart's networks.
Through ongoing engagement with these teams and certain third-party service providers, our CISO monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents and reports cybersecurity incidents that reach established thresholds to senior management and the Audit Committee, which are also analyzed for external reporting requirements.
Our CISO has been a Walmart associate for over 30 years, has served in various roles in information technology and information security at Walmart for more than 20 years, and has received industry-recognized information security certifications. Our CTO, to whom the CISO reports, has served as Walmart's CTO since 2019 and prior to that had experience managing technology and other risks at several other large public companies.
Risk Management and Strategy
Our cybersecurity program is informed by various industry frameworks including the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (NIST-CSF), which are reflected in our related policies, standards, processes and practices. We may implement changes to our cybersecurity program when deemed appropriate based on updates to laws or industry standards among other things. We have multiple layers of security designed to detect and prevent cybersecurity events, as well as dedicated teams of cybersecurity personnel and professionals, which assist our CISO in helping to assess, identify, monitor, detect and manage