these programs is as follows:
These obligations are generally classified as
accounts payable
within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The activity related to these programs is classified as an operating activity within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Self Insurance Reserves
The Company self-insures a number of risks, including, but not limited to, workers' compensation, general liability, auto liability, product liability and certain employee-related healthcare benefits. Standard actuarial procedures and data analysis are used to estimate the liabilities associated with these risks on an undiscounted basis. The recorded liabilities reflect the ultimate cost for claims incurred but not paid and any estimable administrative run-out expenses related to the processing of these outstanding claim payments. On a regular basis, the liabilities are evaluated for appropriateness with claims reserve valuations. To limit exposure to some risks, the Company maintains insurance coverage with varying limits and retentions, including stop-loss insurance coverage for workers' compensation, general liability and auto liability. Refer to
Note 5
for the self insurance reserves which are recorded in accrued liabilities in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets.
61
Derivatives
The Company uses derivatives for hedging purposes to manage its exposure to changes in interest and currency exchange rates, as well as to maintain an appropriate mix of fixed- and variable-rate debt. Use of derivatives in hedging programs subjects the Company to certain risks, such as market and credit risks. The Company may be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by its counterparties to derivatives. Credit risk is monitored through established approval procedures, including setting concentration limits by counterparty, reviewing credit ratings and requiring collateral from the counterparty. The Company enters into derivatives with counterparties rated generally "A-" or better by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The Company is subject to master netting arrangements which provides set-off and close-out netting of exposures with counterparties, but the Company does not offset derivative assets and liabilities in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company's collateral arrangements require the counterparty in a net liability position in excess of pre-determined thresholds, after considering the effects of netting arrangements, to pledge cash collateral. Cash collateral received from counterparties and cash collateral provided to counterparties under these arrangements was not significant as of January 31, 2025 and 2024.
In order to qualify for hedge accounting, at the inception of the hedging relationship, the Company formally documents its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedging transaction, as well as its designation of the hedge. If a derivative is recorded using hedge accounting, depending on the nature of the