at the end of the current period to the account balance at the end of the prior period and dividing by two.
22
Table of Contents
Strategic Capital Allocation
Our strategy includes allocating the majority of our capital to higher-return areas focused on automation such as eCommerce, supply chain and store and club investments. The following table provides additional detail regarding our capital expenditures:
Free Cash Flow
Free cash flow is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. Management believes, however, that free cash flow, which measures our ability to generate additional cash from our business operations, is an important financial measure for use in evaluating the Company's financial performance. Free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, consolidated net income as a measure of our performance and net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. See
Liquidity and Capital Resources
for discussions of GAAP metrics including net cash provided by operating activities, net cash used in investing activities and net cash provided by or used in financing activities.
We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities in a period minus payments for property and equipment made in that period. Net cash provided by operating activities was $22.9 billion for the nine months ended October 31, 2024, which represents an increase of $3.9 billion when compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to an increase in cash provided by operating income and lapping the payment of accrued opioid legal charges in the prior year comparable period, partially offset by increased inventory purchases. Free cash flow for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was $6.2 billion, which represents an increase of $1.9 billion when compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in free cash flow was due to the increase in net cash provided by operating activities described above, partially offset by an increase of $2.0 billion in capital expenditures to support our investment strategy.
Walmart's definition of free cash flow is limited in that it does not represent residual cash flows available for discretionary expenditures due to the fact that the measure does not deduct the payments required for debt service and other contractual obligations or payments made for business acquisitions. Therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow as a measure that provides supplemental information to our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Although other companies report their free cash flow, numerous methods may exist for calculating a company's free cash flow. As a result, the method used by management to calculate our free cash flow may differ from the methods used by other companies to calculate their free cash flow.
The following table sets forth a reconciliation of free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, to net cash provided