political subdivision or federally recognized Native American tribe that elects to join the settlement.
Ongoing Opioid-Related Litigation
The Company will continue to vigorously defend against any opioid-related matters not settled or otherwise resolved, including, but not limited to, each of the matters described below; any other actions filed by healthcare providers, individuals, and third-party payers; and any action filed by a political subdivision or Native American tribe that elects not to join the settlement described above. Accordingly, the Company has not accrued a liability for these opioid-related matters nor can the Company reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from these matters. The Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of any of the opioid-related matters and no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
Opioid Multidistrict Litigation; Other Opioid-Related Matters in the U.S. and Canada
. In December 2017, the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated numerous lawsuits filed against a wide array of defendants by various plaintiffs, including counties, cities, healthcare providers, Native American tribes, individuals and third-party payers, asserting claims generally concerning the impacts of widespread opioid abuse. The consolidated multidistrict litigation is entitled
In re National Prescription Opiate Litigation
(MDL No. 2804) (the "MDL") and is pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio. The Company is named as a defendant in some cases included in the MDL.
A trial involving claims brought by
two
counties against certain defendants, including the Company, in the MDL resulted in a judgment on August 17, 2022 that ordered all
three
defendants, including the Company, to pay an aggregate amount of approximately $
0.7
billion over
15
years, on a joint and several liability basis, and granted the plaintiffs injunctive relief. The monetary aspect of the judgment was stayed pending appeal, and the injunctive aspect of the judgment went into effect on February 20, 2023, which did not materially impact the Company's operations. The Company filed an appeal with the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, which issued an order certifying certain questions in the appeal for review by the Supreme Court of Ohio. On December 10, 2024, the Supreme Court of Ohio issued an order certifying the law and holding that the Ohio Product Liability Act bars all common law public nuisance claims arising from the sale of a product. On January 31, 2025, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals entered an order vacating the approximately $
0.7
billion judgment, dissolving the injunction, and remanding the case back to the MDL for further proceedings.
Additional opioid-related cases against the Company remain pending in the MDL and in state and federal courts. The plaintiffs include