regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. For additional information, see the risk factors herein in "
Item 1A. Risk Factors
" under the sub-caption "Legal, Tax, Regulatory, Compliance, Reputational and Other Risks."
10
Our Shared Value Priorities
We seek to operate our business in a way that creates shared value: We believe we maximize long-term value and create competitive advantage for the Company by delivering for our stakeholders, including our customers, associates, shareholders, suppliers, business partners and communities. We believe that addressing their needs builds the value of our business, including by enhancing trust, creating new business opportunities, managing cost and risk, building capabilities for future advantage and strengthening the underlying systems on which we rely.
We prioritize issues that offer the greatest potential for Walmart to create long-term shared value: Issues that rank high in relevance to our business, importance to building and maintaining stakeholder trust and in which Walmart has the ability to be an effective actor. Our current priorities are categorized into four broad themes: opportunity, sustainability, community and ethics and integrity.
•
Opportunity
. We believe that promoting economic opportunity helps Walmart attract and retain the talent we need to run our business, respond to customer needs, and promote economic resilience in the places where we operate. Our approach includes creating opportunities for Walmart associates (as further described in the Human Capital Management section below), our suppliers, workers in supply chains and the communities we serve. We offer good entry-level jobs in addition to multiple career pathways; endeavor to cultivate a culture of belonging—rooted in respect for the individual—where associates and customers feel seen, supported and connected; and provide tens of thousands of local, national and global suppliers the opportunity to grow with us.
•
Sustainability
. Walmart's sustainability efforts endeavor to create and preserve long-term business value through increasing the efficiency and resilience of our operations, promoting surety of supply, sourcing responsibly and enhancing our product assortment. With respect to people, we aim to respect the dignity of people throughout our supply chain, create economic opportunity for people working in supply chains, and sell safer, healthier products. With respect to the environment, our efforts aim to enhance the sustainability of product supply chains; preserve, protect, and restore nature; reduce waste; procure renewable sources of energy; and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
•
Community
. We believe that Walmart thrives in strong, resilient communities, and we endeavor to help communities thrive. We aim to strengthen communities
by providing convenient access to affordable, quality goods and services through our omni-channel retail model and everyday low prices; contributing to