healthcare providers, third-party payers, individuals and others and seek compensatory and punitive damages and injunctive relief, including abatement.
Four
cases brought by third-party payers and
one
case brought by a hospital have been selected as bellwether cases to proceed through discovery in the MDL, and the MDL Court may designate additional bellwether cases in the future. The
Florida Health Sciences Center
case pending in state court in Florida asserts claims on behalf of several hospital systems against the Company and other defendants, and this matter is scheduled for jury trial beginning on September 18, 2025.
The Company has been responding to subpoenas, information requests, and investigations from governmental entities related to nationwide controlled substance dispensing and distribution practices involving opioids.
Wal-Mart Canada Corp. and certain other subsidiaries of the Company have been named as defendants in
two
putative class action complaints filed in Canada related to distribution practices involving opioids. These matters remain pending.
Department of Justice Opioid Civil Litigation.
On December 22, 2020, the U.S. Department of Justice (the "DOJ") filed a civil complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that the Company unlawfully dispensed controlled substances from its pharmacies and unlawfully distributed controlled substances to those pharmacies. The complaint alleges that this conduct resulted in violations of the Controlled Substances Act. The DOJ is seeking civil penalties and injunctive relief. On March 11, 2024, the Court granted in-part Walmart's motion to dismiss by dismissing the entirety of the DOJ's claims related to distribution and dismissing the DOJ's claims arising under one of the DOJ's two dispensing liability theories. The DOJ's claims arising under its other dispensing liability theory remain pending. Trial is scheduled for November 2027.
Opioid-Related Securities Class Actions.
The Company is the subject of
two
securities class actions alleging violations of the federal securities laws regarding the Company's disclosures with respect to opioids purportedly on behalf of a class of investors who acquired Walmart stock from March 31, 2017 through December 22, 2020. Those actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware in 2021 and later consolidated. On April 8, 2024, the Court granted the Company's motion to dismiss these actions. On April 29, 2024, the plaintiffs appealed to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, where the matter remains pending.
74
Opioid-Related Shareholder Derivative Litigation.
Three
shareholders of the Company filed a derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery alleging that certain current and former directors and officers breached their fiduciary duties by failing to adequately oversee the Company's distribution and dispensing of prescription opioids. This action was entitled
Ontario Provincial Council of