laws and determines that our practices are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties that could adversely affect the continued operation of our businesses, including: suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required licenses and certifications; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government programs, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs in the U.S.; termination from contractual relationships, including those with our drug suppliers and third-party payers; and significant fines or monetary damages. Failure to comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements in the U.S. or in any of the countries in which we operate could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial position and results of operations.
We are subject to risks related to litigation and other legal proceedings that may materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and liquidity.
We operate in a highly regulated and litigious environment. We are or may be involved in legal proceedings, including litigation, arbitration and other claims, investigations, inspections, audits, claims, inquiries and similar actions by pharmacy, healthcare, tax, consumer protection, employment, environmental and other governmental authorities as well as private individuals. We may also be involved in legal proceedings brought by regulatory authorities, organizations and individuals relating to product packaging, including that such packaging is made of plastic, is not appropriately disposed, contains PFAS, or contains misrepresentations about its recyclability, compostability, biodegradability or reusability. We may also have indemnification obligations for legal commitments of certain business customers we contract with and businesses we have
26
divested. Legal proceedings, in general, and securities, derivative actions, class and representative actions and multi-district litigation, in particular, can be expensive and disruptive. Some of these suits may purport or may be determined to be class actions and/or involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years. For example, we are currently a defendant in a number of cases containing class, representative or collective action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal, state and local wage and hour and employment laws, as well as a number of cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state competition and consumer protection laws.
We have been responding to subpoenas, information requests and investigations from governmental entities related to nationwide controlled substance dispensing and distribution practices involving