accompanying notes, are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") and do not contain certain information included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024 ("fiscal 2024"). Therefore, the interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with that Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are based on a fiscal year ending January 31 for the United States ("U.S.") and Canadian operations. The Company consolidates all other operations generally using a one-month lag based on a calendar year. There were no significant intervening events during the month of October 2024 related to the consolidated operations using a lag that materially affected the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company's business is seasonal to a certain extent due to calendar events and national and religious holidays, as well as weather patterns. Historically, the Company's highest sales volume has occurred in the fiscal quarter ending January 31.
Use of Estimates
The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP. Those principles require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. Management's estimates and assumptions also affect the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ materially from those estimates.
Common Stock Split
On February 23, 2024, the Company effected a
3
-for-1 forward split of its common stock and a proportionate increase in the number of authorized shares. All share and per share information, including share based compensation, throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. The shares of common stock retain a par value of $
0.10
per share. Accordingly, an amount equal to the par value of the increased shares resulting from the stock split was reclassified from capital in excess of par value to common stock.
Supplier Financing Program Obligations
In September 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-04,
Liabilities - Supplier Finance Programs (Subtopic 405-50): Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program Obligations
, which enhances the transparency about the use of supplier finance programs for investors and other allocators of capital. The Company adopted this ASU as of February 1, 2023, other than the annual roll-forward disclosure requirement in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K which the Company will adopt in fiscal 2025.
The Company has supplier financing programs with financial institutions, in which the Company agrees to pay the financial institution the stated amount of confirmed invoices on the invoice due date for participating suppliers. Participation in