on the passage of time and include restrictions related to employment. Performance-based restricted stock units generally vest based on a
one-year
performance period followed by a
two-year
vesting period based on the passage of time. Vesting conditions during the performance period are based on achieving pre-established financial goals for metrics related to growth and returns and generally range from
0
% to
150
% of the original award amount. Vesting periods for restricted stock are generally between
one month
and
three years
. Vesting periods for performance-based restricted stock units are generally between
one
and
three years
. Restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock units may be settled or, in certain circumstances, deferred and are accounted for as equity in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of restricted stock awards is determined on the date of grant and is expensed ratably over the vesting period. The fair value of performance-based restricted stock units is determined on the date of grant using the Company's stock price discounted for the expected dividend yield through the vesting period and is recognized over the vesting period if it is probable that performance conditions will be achieved. The weighted-average discount for the dividend yield used to determine the fair value of performance-based restricted stock units in fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 was
3.2
%,
3.3
% and
3.3
%, respectively.
In addition to the Plan, certain of the Company's subsidiaries have share-based compensation plans for associates under which options to acquire their own common shares are issued. Share-based compensation expense associated with these plans is included in the Other line in the table above.
The following table shows the activity for restricted stock units and restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock units during fiscal 2025:
(1)
Represents the adjustment to previously granted performance share units for performance achievement.
The following table includes additional information related to restricted stock units and restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock units:
66
As of January 31, 2025, the Company also has approximately $
3
billion in unrecognized compensation cost (based on grant-date fair value) primarily associated with share-based compensation plans of certain subsidiaries which contain performance or other conditions including vesting upon an initial public offering. If such conditions are ultimately satisfied, unrecognized compensation cost would be recognized in the applicable reporting period.
Share Repurchase Program
From time to time, the Company repurchases shares of its common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the Company's Board of Directors. All repurchases made during fiscal 2025 were made under the current $
20.0
billion share repurchase program approved in November 2022, which has no expiration date or other restrictions limiting the period