objective of prioritizing margin focuses on growth with a focus on incremental margin accretion through a combination of productivity improvements, as well as category and business mix. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs, and we operate with discipline by managing expenses and optimizing the efficiency of how we work. Additionally, we focus on our mix of businesses, including the expansion of connected value streams with higher margins, such as advertising and membership income. Our objective is to achieve operating income leverage, which we define as growing operating income at a faster rate than net sales.
Gross profit as a percentage of net sales ("gross profit rate") increased 21 and 35 basis points for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year. The increases were primarily driven by the Walmart U.S. segment due to managing prices aligned to our competitive price gaps, as well as growth in higher margin businesses globally, partially offset by mix shifts into lower margin merchandise categories and the timing of Flipkart's The Big Billion Days ("BBD") sales event in the Walmart International segment, which shifted from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 to primarily in the third quarter of fiscal 2025.
Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 19 and 32 basis points for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively. The increase for the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily driven by hurricane-related recovery expenses incurred in the Walmart U.S. and Sam's Club segments, higher marketing expenses and higher variable pay as a result of exceeding planned performance. The increase for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily driven by higher variable pay as a result of exceeding planned performance, higher marketing expenses and business reorganization costs of $0.3 billion incurred during the first quarter of fiscal 2025.
Operating income increased $0.5 billion or 8.2% and $1.7 billion or 8.8% for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, primarily due to the factors described above as well as from strong growth in membership income globally.
Returns
As we execute our financial framework, we believe our return on capital will improve over time. We measure return on capital with our return on investment and free cash flow metrics. In addition, we provide returns in the form of share repurchases and dividends, which are discussed in the
Liquidity and Capital Resources
section.
Return on Assets and Return on Investment
We include Return on Assets ("ROA"), the most directly comparable measure based on our financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. ("GAAP") and Return on Investment ("ROI") as metrics to assess returns on assets. While ROI is considered a