depreciation expenses. The increase for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily related to increased marketing and depreciation expenses, as well as higher variable pay as a result of exceeding planned performance.
As a result of the factors discussed above, operating income increased $0.5 billion and $1.3 billion for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year.
Walmart International Segment
Net sales for the Walmart International segment increased $2.3 billion or 8.0% and $7.5 billion or 9.1% for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year. The increases were primarily due to positive comparable sales in the majority of our international markets led by strength in eCommerce and the shift in timing of Flipkart's BBD sales event. Net sales for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 were negatively affected by $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
Gross profit rate decreased 85 and 4 basis points for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year. The decreases for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 were primarily driven by the shift in timing of Flipkart's BBD sales event and ongoing channel mix shifts, partially offset by growth in the majority of our other international markets and ongoing business mix changes. Additionally, for the nine months ended October 31, 2024, the decrease in gross profit rate was also partially offset by improved eCommerce margins across certain markets.
Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 86 and 42 basis points for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year. The decreases for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 were primarily due to strong sales, including the shift in timing of Flipkart's BBD sales event, and format mix shifts primarily in China, partially offset by investments in associate wages in the Mexico and Central America and Canada markets.
As a result of the factors discussed above, operating income increased $0.1 billion and $0.6 billion for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year.
25
Table of Contents
Sam's Club Segment
(1)
We believe the "Excluding Fuel" information is useful to investors because it permits investors to understand the effect of the Sam's Club segment's fuel sales on its results of operations, which are impacted by the volatility of fuel prices. Volatility in fuel prices may continue to impact the operating results of the Sam's Club segment in the future.
Net sales for the Sam's Club segment increased $0.9 billion or 3.9% and $2.8 billion or 4.4% for the three