and $12.0 billion for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2025 is primarily due to an increase in cash provided by operating income and lapping the payment of accrued opioid legal charges in the prior year, partially offset by increased inventory purchases. Free cash flow for fiscal 2025 decreased when compared to fiscal 2024 due to an increase of $3.2 billion in capital expenditures to support our investment strategy, partially offset by the increase in net cash provided by operating activities described above. Net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2024 increased when compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to higher cash provided by operating income, as well as timing of certain payments and strategic inventory management as part of working capital initiatives, partially offset by payment of the remaining accrued opioid legal charges. Free cash flow for fiscal 2024 increased when compared to fiscal 2023 due to the increase in net cash provided by operating activities described above, partially offset by an increase of $3.7 billion in capital expenditures to support our investment strategy.
Walmart's definition of free cash flow is limited in that it does not represent residual cash flows available for discretionary expenditures due to the fact that the measure does not deduct the payments required for debt service and other contractual obligations or payments made for business acquisitions. Therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow as a measure that provides supplemental information to our
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
.
Although other companies report their free cash flow, numerous methods may exist for calculating a company's free cash flow. As a result, the method used by management to calculate our free cash flow may differ from the methods used by other companies to calculate their free cash flow.
The following table sets forth a reconciliation of free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, to net cash provided by operating activities, which we believe to be the GAAP financial measure most directly comparable to free cash flow, as well as information regarding net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities.
(1)
"Net cash used in investing activities" includes payments for property and equipment, which is also included in our computation of free cash flow.
38
Results of Operations
Consolidated Results of Operations
(1)
Membership and other income includes membership fees and other items such as rental and tenant income, recycling income, gift card breakage income, as well as other income from corporate campus facilities.
(2)
Gross profit is defined as net sales less cost of sales. Operating expenses refers to operating, selling, general and administrative expenses.
Our total revenues increased $32.9 billion or 5.1% and $36.8 billion or 6.0% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared