included in accrued liabilities in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additionally, membership and other income includes items such as rental and tenant income, recycling income and gift card breakage income.
Gift Cards
Customer purchases of gift cards are not recognized as sales until the card is redeemed and the customer purchases merchandise using the gift card, thus a liability for deferred gift card revenue is recorded within accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to
Note 5
. Gift cards in the U.S. and some countries do not carry an expiration date; therefore, customers and members can redeem their gift cards for merchandise and services indefinitely. Gift cards in some countries where the Company does business have expiration dates. While gift cards are generally redeemed within 12 months, a certain number of gift cards, both with and without expiration dates, will not be fully redeemed. Management estimates unredeemed balances and recognizes gift card breakage income for these amounts in membership and other income in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income over the expected redemption period.
Cost of Sales
Cost of sales includes costs of merchandise sold and services performed; costs of transporting merchandise to the Company's distribution facilities, stores, clubs, and customers; and also includes warehousing costs for the Sam's Club U.S. segment and import distribution centers. Cost of sales is reduced by supplier payments, except in certain situations as described below.
Payments from Suppliers
The Company receives consideration from suppliers for various programs, primarily volume incentives, warehouse allowances and reimbursements for specific programs such as markdowns, margin protection, certain advertising arrangements and supplier-specific fixtures. Payments from suppliers are accounted for as a reduction of cost of sales and recognized in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income when the related inventory is sold, except in situations when the payment is in exchange for a distinct good or service or a reimbursement of specific, incremental and identifiable costs.
63
Operating, Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses include all operating costs of the Company (except cost of sales, as described above), which comprise substantially all labor-related, depreciation and amortization, maintenance and repairs, utilities, and other general operating costs incurred in stores, clubs and other facilities. The majority of the cost of warehousing and occupancy for the Walmart U.S. and Walmart International segments' distribution facilities is included in operating, selling, general and administrative expenses. Because the Company only includes a portion of the cost of its Walmart U.S. and Walmart International segments' distribution facilities in cost of sales, its gross profit and gross profit as a percentage of net sales may not be