and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year. The increases were primarily due to comparable sales, including fuel, of 3.8% and 4.3% for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, driven by growth in transactions and unit volumes, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. Sam's Club eCommerce sales positively contributed approximately 2.7% and 2.1% to comparable sales for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, which was primarily driven by club-fulfilled curbside pickup and delivery.
Gross profit rate increased 47 and 42 basis points for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year. The increase for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 were primarily due to improved margins in fuel and lower markdowns as a result of disciplined inventory management, partially offset by eCommerce fulfillment costs. Additionally, lapping inflation-related LIFO charges in the prior year had a positive impact on gross profit rate for the nine months ended October 31, 2024.
Membership and other income increased 15.1% and 14.3% for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year. The increases were due to growth in the membership base and Plus penetration. Membership income also benefited from lapping a prior year promotional offering related to previous membership fee increases.
Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 63 and 36 basis points for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year, primarily due to increased compensation related expenses, including higher variable pay as a result of exceeding our planned performance. Additionally, elevated technology spend in the three months ended October 31, 2024 had a negative impact on operating expenses as a percentage of net sales.
As a result of the factors discussed above, operating income increased slightly for the three months ended October 31, 2024, and increased $0.3 billion for the nine months ended October 31, 2024, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Liquidity
The strength and stability of our operations have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity. Our cash flows provided by operating activities, supplemented with our long-term debt and short-term borrowings, have been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to invest in activities that support the long-term growth of our operations. Generally, some or all of the remaining available cash flow has been used to fund dividends on our common stock and share repurchases. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be sufficient to fund operations, finance our global