services, where Walmart is an agent. The most recent subpoena was issued in August 2020. Walmart's responses to DOJ's subpoenas have been complete since 2021. The Company continues to cooperate with the DOJ's review. The Company has also responded to civil investigative demands from the United States Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") in connection with the FTC's investigation related to money transfers and the Company's anti-fraud program in its capacity as an agent.
On June 28, 2022, the FTC filed a complaint against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois alleging that Walmart violated the Federal Trade Commission Act and the Telemarketing Sales Rule regarding its money transfer agent services and is requesting non-monetary relief and civil penalties. Following rulings on Walmart's motion to dismiss, the FTC filed an amended complaint on June 30, 2023. On July 3, 2024, the Court granted in part Walmart's motion to dismiss the amended complaint by dismissing with prejudice the claims under the Telemarketing Sales Rule but denying the motion to dismiss with respect to claims for injunctive relief under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act. On October 18, 2024, the Court certified its rulings on the motions to dismiss for interlocutory appeal and stayed discovery. On October 28, 2024, Walmart filed a petition for interlocutory appeal with the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals. The petition for interlocutory appeal was granted on November 18, 2024. The appeal will proceed on the merits.
The Company intends to vigorously defend these matters. However, the Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise. Accordingly, the Company can provide no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected.
Mexico Antitrust Matter
. On October 6, 2023, the Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica of México ("COFECE") notified the main Mexican operating subsidiary of Wal-Mart de México, S.A.B. de C.V. ("Walmex"), a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, that COFECE's Investigatory Authority ("IA") had requested COFECE to initiate a quasi-judicial administrative process against Walmex's subsidiary for alleged relative monopolistic practices in connection with the supply and wholesale distribution of certain consumer goods, retail marketing practices of such consumer goods and related services. The quasi-judicial administrative process is the first opportunity for Walmex's subsidiary to respond to and defend against the IA's allegations before COFECE. While COFECE has the authority to impose monetary relief and/or non-structural conduct measures, such relief and conduct measures would be subject to appeal by Walmex's subsidiary; although any non-structural conduct measures would be required to be implemented pending any appeal. On December