former Asda store employees who allege their work is of equal value to the work done by employees in Asda's distribution centers and that the difference in pay and conditions between the different jobs is not objectively justified. Additional employees may assert claims in the future. The legal proceedings to consider these equal value claims are in
three
phases, and the first phase is complete. Certain claims remain under consideration in the second phase. On January 31, 2025, the Employment Tribunal issued a ruling that certain of the claims are permitted to advance to the third phase. There are factual and legal defenses to the equal value claims, and the Company intends to vigorously defend them. Subsequent to the divestiture of Asda in February 2021, the Company continues to oversee the conduct of the defense of these claims. While potential liability for these claims remains with Asda, the Company has agreed to provide indemnification with respect to certain of these claims up to a contractually determined amount. The Company cannot predict the number of such claims that may ultimately be filed and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise related to these proceedings. Accordingly, the Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters.
Money Transfer Agent Services Matters.
The Company has responded to grand jury subpoenas issued by the United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania on behalf of the DOJ seeking documents regarding the Company's consumer fraud prevention program and anti-money laundering compliance related to the Company's money transfer services, where Walmart is an agent. The most recent subpoena was issued in August 2020. Walmart's responses to DOJ's subpoenas have been complete since 2021. The Company continues to cooperate with the DOJ's review. The Company has also responded to civil investigative demands from the United States Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") in connection with the FTC's investigation related to money transfers and the Company's anti-fraud program in its capacity as an agent.
On June 28, 2022, the FTC filed a complaint against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois alleging that Walmart violated the Federal Trade Commission Act and the Telemarketing Sales Rule regarding its money transfer agent services and is requesting non-monetary relief and civil penalties. Following rulings on Walmart's motion to dismiss, the FTC filed an amended complaint on June 30, 2023. On July 3, 2024, the Court granted in part Walmart's motion to dismiss the amended complaint by dismissing with prejudice the claims under the Telemarketing Sales Rule but denying the motion to dismiss with respect to claims for injunctive relief under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act. On October 18, 2024, the Court certified its rulings on the motions to dismiss for interlocutory appeal and stayed discovery. On