Goodwill and other indefinite-lived acquired intangible assets are evaluated for impairment using either a qualitative or quantitative approach for each of the Company's reporting units. Generally, a qualitative assessment is first performed to determine whether a quantitative goodwill impairment test is necessary. If management determines, after performing an assessment based on the qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, or that a fair value of the reporting unit substantially in excess of the carrying amount cannot be assured, then a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. The quantitative test for goodwill impairment is performed by determining the fair value of the related reporting units. Fair value is measured based on the discounted cash flow method and relative market-based approaches. Management has performed its evaluation and determined the fair value of each reporting unit is significantly greater than the carrying amount and, accordingly, the Company has not recorded any impairment charges related to goodwill during fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024 or fiscal 2023.
The following table reflects goodwill activity, by reportable segment, for fiscal 2025 and 2024:
1
Goodwill recorded in fiscal 2025 relates to the acquisition of VIZIO Holding Corp. in December 2024 within the Walmart U.S. segment.
Intangible assets are recorded in other long-term assets in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets
. As of January 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had $
4.5
billion and $
4.1
billion, respectively, in indefinite-lived intangible assets which primarily consists of acquired trade names. There were no significant impairment charges related to intangible assets for fiscal 2025, 2024 or 2023.
Fair Value Measurement
The Company records and discloses certain financial and non-financial assets and liabilities at fair value. The fair value of an asset is the price at which the asset could be sold in an orderly transaction between unrelated, knowledgeable and willing parties able to engage in the transaction. The fair value of a liability is the amount that would be paid to transfer the liability to a new obligor in a transaction between such parties, not the amount that would be paid to settle the liability with the creditor.
Refer to
Note 8
for more information.
Investments
Investments in equity securities are recorded in other long-term assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the fair value of certain equity securities, as well as certain immaterial equity method investments where the Company has elected the fair value option, are measured on a recurring basis (generally using Level 1 and Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy) and recognized within other gains and losses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. These fair value changes, along with certain other immaterial investment activity, resulted in net losses of $
0.8
billion, $
3.8