by operating activities, which we believe to be the GAAP financial measure most directly comparable to free cash flow, as well as information regarding net cash used in investing activities and net cash provided by or used in financing activities.
(1)
"Net cash used in investing activities" includes payments for property and equipment, which is also included in our computation of free cash flow.
23
Table of Contents
Results of Operations
Consolidated Results of Operations
Our total revenues, which are mostly comprised of net sales but also include membership and other income,
increased
$8.8 billion or 5.5% and $25.7 billion or 5.4% for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year. The increases were primarily due to strong positive comparable sales in our U.S. segments and international markets driven by growth in transactions and unit volumes, with strength in eCommerce as well as strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. Net sales for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 were negatively affected by $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Membership and other income increased $0.2 billion or 16.1% and $0.7 billion or 17.7% for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, primarily due to strong growth in membership income globally.
Gross profit rate increased 21 and 35 basis points for both the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year. The increases were primarily driven by the Walmart U.S. segment due to managing prices aligned to our competitive price gaps, as well as growth in higher margin businesses globally, partially offset by mix shifts into lower margin merchandise categories and the timing of Flipkart's BBD sales event in the Walmart International segment.
Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 19 and 32 basis points for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the previous fiscal year. The increase for the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily driven by hurricane-related recovery expenses incurred in the Walmart U.S. and Sam's Club segments, higher marketing expenses and higher variable pay as a result of exceeding planned performance. The increase for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily driven by higher variable pay as a result of exceeding planned performance, higher marketing expenses and business reorganization costs of $0.3 billion incurred during the first quarter of fiscal 2025.
Other gains and losses consist of certain non-operating items, such as the change in the fair value of our investments and gains or losses on business dispositions, which by their nature can fluctuate from period to period. The net decreases of $4.6 billion and $3.3 billion in other losses for the