disclosure controls and procedures as of January 31, 2025 was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC's rules and forms.
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management has responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025. In making its assessment, management has utilized the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ("COSO") of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Management concluded that based on its assessment, Walmart's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2025. The Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP as stated in their report which appears herein.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
Security Trading Plans
of Directors and Executive Officers
On
November 22, 2024
,
Kathryn McLay
,
Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer
, Walmart International,
entered into a stock trading plan
designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the terms of the plan, Ms. McLay will sell an aggregate
40,000
shares of common stock. The plan will terminate in
December 2025
.
Not applicable.
81
PART III
Please see the information concerning our executive officers contained in "
Item 1. Business
" herein