digitally and the order is fulfilled through a store or club, as well as net sales from other business offerings that are part of the Company's ecosystem such as certain advertising arrangements, fulfillment services, and data insights. From time to time, the Company revises the assignment of net sales of a particular item to a merchandise category. When the assignment changes, previous period amounts are reclassified to be comparable to the current period's presentation.
Of Walmart U.S.'s total net sales, approximately $
79.3
billion, $
65.4
billion and $
53.4
billion related to eCommerce for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
79
Of Walmart International's total net sales, approximately $
29.5
billion, $
24.8
billion and $
20.3
billion related to eCommerce for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Of Sam's Club U.S.'s total net sales, approximately $
12.1
billion, $
9.9
billion and $
8.4
billion related to eCommerce for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Note 13.
Subsequent Event
Dividends Declared
The Company approved, effective February 20, 2025, the fiscal 2026 annual dividend of $
0.94
per share, an increase over the fiscal 2025 dividend of $
0.83
per share.
For fiscal 2026, the annual dividend will be paid in four quarterly installments of $
0.235
per share, according to the following record and payable dates:
80
None.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information, which is required to be timely disclosed, is accumulated and communicated to management in a timely fashion. In designing and evaluating such controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our management is necessarily required to use judgment in evaluating controls and procedures. Also, we have investments in unconsolidated entities. Since we do not control or manage those entities, our controls and procedures with respect to those entities are substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries.
In the ordinary course of business, we review our internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our systems and processes to improve such controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems, updating existing systems, automating manual processes, standardizing controls globally, migrating certain processes to our shared services organizations and increasing monitoring controls.
We are continuing to upgrade our financial systems globally, and modernize functions across the business which
will impact our internal control over financial reporting.
An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our