hedge, derivative gains and losses are recorded through the same financial statement line item in earnings or are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. Derivatives that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting, or contracts for which the Company has not elected hedge accounting, are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported in earnings. Derivatives with an unrealized gain are recorded in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets as either current or non-current assets, based on maturity date, and derivatives with an unrealized loss are recorded as either current or non-current liabilities, based on maturity date. Refer to
Note 8
for the presentation of the Company's derivative assets and liabilities.
Fair Value Hedges
The Company is a party to receive fixed-rate, pay variable-rate interest rate swaps that the Company uses to hedge the fair value of fixed-rate debt. All interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of the related long-term debt meet the shortcut method requirements under GAAP. Accordingly, changes in the fair values of these interest rate swaps are considered to exactly offset changes in the fair value of the underlying long-term debt. These derivatives will mature on dates ranging from September 2028 to September 2031.
Cash Flow Hedges
The Company is a party to receive fixed-rate, pay fixed-rate cross currency interest rate swaps used to hedge the currency exposure associated with the forecasted payments of principal and interest of certain non-U.S. denominated debt. The Company records changes in the fair value of these swaps in accumulated other comprehensive loss which is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. These derivatives will mature on dates ranging from April 2026 to January 2039.
Income Taxes
Income taxes are accounted for under the balance sheet method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases ("temporary differences"). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rate is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
Deferred tax assets are evaluated for future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent that a portion is not more likely than not to be realized. Many factors are considered when assessing whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, including recent cumulative earnings, expectations of future taxable income, carryforward periods, and other relevant quantitative and