is as follows:
Deferred Taxes
The significant components of the Company's deferred tax account balances are as follows:
The deferred taxes noted above are classified as follows in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets:
Net Operating Losses, Tax Credit Carryforwards and Valuation Allowances
As of January 31, 2025, the Company's net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards totaled approximately $
32.4
billion. Of these carryforwards, approximately $
18.5
billion will expire, if not utilized, in various years through 2045. The remaining carryforwards have no expiration.
The realizability of these future tax deductions and credits is evaluated by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including taxable income in prior carryback years, reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. To the extent the Company does not consider it more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be recovered, a valuation allowance is generally established. To the extent that a valuation
72
allowance was established and it is subsequently determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be recovered, the change in the valuation allowance is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
The Company had valuation allowances of approximately $
7.4
billion and $
7.5
billion as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, on deferred tax assets associated primarily with the net operating loss carryforwards.
Uncertain Tax Positions
The benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenge, if any, from taxing authorities.
As of January 31, 2025 and 2024, the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits related to continuing operations was $
3.8
billion and $
3.5
billion, respectively. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the Company's effective income tax rate was $
2.0
billion and $
1.7
billion as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
A reconciliation of gross unrecognized tax benefits from continuing operations is as follows:
The Company classifies interest and penalties related to uncertain tax benefits as interest expense and as operating, selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively. Interest expense and penalties related to these positions were immaterial for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023. During the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that tax audit resolutions could reduce unrecognized tax benefits by an immaterial amount, either because the tax positions are sustained on audit or because the Company agrees to their disallowance. The Company does not expect any change to have a material impact to its Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company remains subject to income tax examinations for its U.S. federal income taxes