effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that Exxon Mobil Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.
The Corporation excluded Pioneer from our assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, because it was acquired by the Corporation in a business combination during 2024. Total assets and total revenues of Pioneer, a wholly owned subsidiary, represent nineteen percent and four percent, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, as stated in their report included in the Financial Section of this report.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes during the Corporation’s last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting.
28
During the three months ended December 31, 2024,
none of the Company’s directors or officers adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.
Not applicable.
PART III
Reference is made to the section of this report titled “Information about our Executive Officers”.
Incorporated by reference to the following from the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders (the “2025 Proxy Statement”):
•
The section entitled “Election of Directors”;
•
The portion entitled "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" of the section entitled "Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership";
•
The portions entitled “Director Qualifications”, “Director Nomination Process and Board Succession”, and “Code of Ethics and Business Conduct” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance”; and
•
The “Director Independence” portion, “Board Meetings and Annual Meeting Attendance” portion, the membership table of the portion entitled “Board Committees”, the "Nominating and Governance Committee" portion and the "Audit Committee" portion of the section entitled “Corporate Governance”.
The Corporation has adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of its securities by its directors, officers and employees, and the Corporation itself, that the Corporation believes is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the exchange listing standards applicable to the Corporation. A copy of the Corporation’s Insider Trading Policy is filed