structure, Pioneer's transaction-related costs, and applicable income tax impacts of the pro forma adjustments.
Our transaction costs to effect the acquisition were immaterial.
119
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Denbury Inc.
On November 2, 2023, the Corporation acquired Denbury, a developer of carbon capture, utilization, and storage solutions and enhanced oil recovery producing assets. The acquisition also included Gulf Coast and Rocky Mountain oil and natural gas operations.
Total consideration was $
5.1
billion, which included the issuance of
46
million shares of ExxonMobil common stock from treasury having a fair value of $
4.8
billion on the acquisition date, and cash payments of $
0.3
billion related to repayment of Denbury's credit facility and settlement of fractional shares.
The transaction was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805, which requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date.
The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed:
Inputs for the assumptions used in the income approach to value property, plant and equipment included estimates for pipeline tariff rates, pipeline throughput volumes, commodity prices, future oil and gas production profiles, operating expenses, and a risk-adjusted discount rate.
The Denbury acquisition resulted in an immaterial amount of goodwill. Revenues and earnings arising from Denbury's operations are immaterial in 2023 for pro forma disclosure purposes.
120
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION ON OIL AND GAS EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES (unaudited)
The results of operations for producing activities shown below do not include earnings from other activities that ExxonMobil includes in the Upstream function, such as oil and gas transportation operations, LNG liquefaction and transportation operations, power operations, technical service agreements, gains and losses from derivative activity, other nonoperating activities and adjustments for noncontrolling interests. These excluded amounts for both consolidated and equity companies totaled $1,395 million in 2024, $(519) million in 2023 and $4,802 million in 2022. Oil sands mining operations are included in the results of operations in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission and Financial Accounting Standards Board rules.
121
122
Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Costs
The amounts shown for net capitalized costs of consolidated subsidiaries are $9,619 million less at year-end 2024 and $10,769 million less at year-end 2023 than the amounts reported as investments in property, plant and equipment for the Upstream in
Note 9
. This is due to the exclusion from capitalized costs of certain transportation and research assets and assets relating to LNG operations. Assets related to oil sands and oil shale mining operations are included in the capitalized costs in accordance with Financial