Strength
On December 31, 2024, the Corporation had total unused short-term committed lines of credit of $0.2 billion (
Note 6
) and total unused long-term committed lines of credit of $1.3 billion (
Note 14
). The table below shows the Corporation’s consolidated debt to capital ratios.
Management views the Corporation’s financial strength to be a competitive advantage of strategic importance. The Corporation’s financial position gives it the opportunity to access the world’s capital markets across a range of market conditions, and enables the Corporation to take on large, long-term capital commitments in the pursuit of maximizing shareholder value.
The Corporation's total debt level remained relatively flat in 2024, ending the year at $41.7 billion.
Litigation and Other Contingencies
As discussed in
Note 16
, a variety of claims have been made against ExxonMobil and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries in a number of pending lawsuits. Based on a consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances, the Corporation does not believe the ultimate outcome of any currently pending lawsuit against ExxonMobil will have a material adverse effect upon the Corporation’s operations, financial condition, or financial statements taken as a whole. There are no events or uncertainties beyond those already included in reported financial information that would indicate a material change in future operating results or financial condition. Refer to
Note 16
for additional information on legal proceedings and other contingencies.
CAPITAL AND EXPLORATION EXPENDITURES
Capital and exploration expenditures (Capex) represents the combined total of additions at cost to property, plant and equipment, and exploration expenses on a before-tax basis from the Consolidated Statement of Income. ExxonMobil’s Capex includes its share of similar costs for equity companies. Capex excludes assets acquired in nonmonetary exchanges, the value of ExxonMobil shares used to acquire assets, and depreciation on the cost of exploration support equipment and facilities recorded to property, plant and equipment when acquired. While ExxonMobil’s management is responsible for all investments and elements of net income, particular focus is placed on managing the controllable aspects of this group of expenditures.
Capex in 2024 was $27.6 billion, as the Corporation continued to pursue opportunities to find and produce new supplies of oil and natural gas to meet global demand for energy.
Upstream spending of $21.8 billion in 2024 was up $2.1 billion from 2023,
reflecting higher spend in the U.S. Permian Basin following the Pioneer acquisition. Development projects typically take several years from the time of recording proved undeveloped reserves to the start of production and can exceed five years for large and complex projects. The percentage of proved developed reserves was 63 percent of total proved reserves at year-end 2024, and has been over 60 percent for the last ten years.
Capital