leading scale, integration, and proprietary technology, which are fundamental to producing affordable products that are more sustainable, use less material, save energy, and reduce waste. These competitive advantages are underpinned by operational excellence, advantaged investments, and cost discipline. This segment includes olefins, polyolefins, and intermediates.
Over the long term, worldwide demand for chemicals is expected to grow faster than the economy, driven by global population growth, an expanding middle class, and improving living standards. Chemical Products integration with refineries, performance product mix, and project execution capability improves returns on investments across a range of market environments.
In 2024, chemical industry margins remained bottom-of-cycle, below the pre-COVID 10-year historical range (2010-2019),
as capacity additions from 2022-2024 have exceeded demand growth. The Company optimized production across our global footprint to profitably meet customer demand. Our earnings benefited from record reliability, record high-value products sales, and a large North American footprint where low ethane prices provide a feed advantage.
Key Recent Events
China Chemical Complex:
ExxonMobil is investing in a petrochemical complex in the Dayawan Petrochemical Industrial Park in Huizhou, Guangdong Province, which is a significant step in growing our global manufacturing footprint and will be the first 100 percent foreign-owned petrochemical complex built in China. The facility will be focused on producing our unique high-performance polyethylene and polypropylene products. When completed, the complex will have three polyethylene and two polypropylene production lines for a combined capacity of over 2.5 million metric tons per year. This capacity will more efficiently serve China’s domestic demand, which is currently being met with imports.
Advanced Recycling:
ExxonMobil is combining proprietary technology and advantaged integrated sites to process hard-to-recycle plastic waste. The Company’s first Baytown facility started up in 2022 and represents one of the largest advanced recycling facilities in North America. ExxonMobil is expanding advanced recycling capacity with two additional Baytown units starting up during 2025. The Company plans to build additional units to reach a global recycling capacity of 1 billion pounds per year by 2027.
54
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Chemical Products Financial Results
Margin
– Improved company margins on North American ethane feed advantage and improved product realizations increased earnings by $890 million, despite continued bottom-of-cycle market conditions.
Advantaged Volume Growth – Record high-value product sales increased earnings by $410 million.
Base Volume – Portfolio optimization and product sales mix decreased earnings by $270 million.
Structural Cost Savings
– Increased earnings by $190 million.
Expenses
– Higher