financial limits placed on derivative counterparties. The Corporation maintains a system of controls that includes the authorization, reporting, and monitoring of derivative activity.
The net notional long/(short) position of derivative instruments at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, was as follows:
Realized and unrealized gains/(losses) on derivative instruments that were recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income are included in the following lines on a before-tax basis:
13
Table of Contents
Note 8. Disclosures about Segments and Related Information
14
Table of Contents
15
Table of Contents
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Sales and other operating revenue include both revenue within the scope of ASC 606 and outside the scope of ASC 606. Trade receivables in Notes and accounts receivable – net reported on the Balance Sheet also includes both receivables within the scope of ASC 606 and those outside the scope of ASC 606. Revenue and receivables outside the scope of ASC 606 primarily relate to physically settled commodity contracts accounted for as derivatives. Contractual terms, credit quality, and type of customer are generally similar between those revenues and receivables within the scope of ASC 606 and those outside it.
Note 9. Divestment Activities
Through March 31, 2025, the Corporation realized proceeds of approximately $
1.8
billion and net after-tax earnings of approximately $
0.2
billion from its divestment activities. This included the sale of select conventional assets in Texas and New Mexico, Mobil Argentina S.A., as well as other smaller divestments.
In 2024, the Corporation realized proceeds of approximately $
5.0
billion and recognized net after-tax earnings of approximately $
1.0
billion from its divestment activities. This included the sale of the Santa Ynez Unit and associated facilities in California, Mobil Producing Nigeria Unlimited, ExxonMobil Exploration Argentina, the Fos-sur-Mer Refinery (France), the Adriatic LNG terminal (Italy), and certain conventional and unconventional assets in the United States, as well as other smaller divestments.
16
Table of Contents
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Overview
During the first quarter of 2025, the price of crude oil remained roughly flat relative to fourth quarter 2024 and near the middle of the 10-year historical range (2010-2019). Natural gas prices improved during the quarter and moved above the 10-year range on stronger global demand, driven by colder weather in the U.S. and Europe. Global industry refining margins declined and moved below the low end of the 10-year range, driven by weakness in Asia Pacific from capacity additions and higher regional feed costs. The Corporation benefited from its relatively large refining footprint in North America where industry margins improved as a result of turnarounds and industry outages. Chemical margins remained at bottom of cycle conditions,