year due to the timing of individual project start-ups; operational outages; reservoir performance; regulatory changes; the impact of fiscal and commercial terms; asset sales; weather events; price effects on production sharing contracts; changes in the amount and timing of investments that may vary depending on the oil and gas price environment; and international trade patterns and relations. The Corporation’s cash flows are also highly dependent on crude oil and natural gas prices. Please refer to
Item 1A
for a more complete discussion of risks.
The Corporation’s financial strength enables it to make large, long-term capital expenditures. Cash Capex in 2024 was $25.6 billion, reflecting the Corporation’s continued active investment program, and includes plans to invest in the range of $27 billion to $29 billion in 2025 (see the
Cash Capital Expenditures
section for more details).
Actual spending could vary depending on the progress of individual projects and property acquisitions. The Corporation has a large and diverse portfolio of development projects and exploration opportunities, which helps mitigate the overall political and technical risks of the Corporation’s Upstream segment and associated cash flow. Further, due to its financial strength and diverse portfolio of opportunities, the risk associated with failure or delay of any single project would not have a significant impact on the Corporation’s liquidity or ability to generate sufficient cash flows for operations and its fixed commitments.
61
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The Corporation, as part of its ongoing asset management program, continues to evaluate its mix of assets for potential upgrade. Because of the ongoing nature of this program, dispositions will continue to be made from time to time which will result in either gains or losses. Additionally, the Corporation continues to evaluate opportunities to enhance its business portfolio through acquisitions of assets or companies, and enters into such transactions from time to time. Key criteria for evaluating acquisitions include strategic fit, cost and other synergies, potential for future growth, low cost of supply, and attractive valuations. Acquisitions may be made with cash, shares of the Corporation’s common stock, or both.
Cash Flow from Operating Activities
2024
Cash provided by operating activities totaled $55.0 billion in 2024, $0.3 billion lower than 2023. The major source of funds was net income including noncontrolling interests of $35.1 billion, a decrease of $2.3 billion. The noncash provision for depreciation and depletion was $23.4 billion, up $2.8 billion from the prior year. The adjustment for the net gain on asset sales was $1.2 billion, an increase of $0.7 billion. The adjustment for dividends received less than equity in current earnings of equity companies was an increase of $0.2 billion, compared to an increase of $0.5 billion in 2023. Changes in