useful for investors to understand the Corporation's efforts to optimize spending through disciplined expense management.
19
Table of Contents
REVIEW OF FIRST QUARTER 2025 RESULTS
ExxonMobil’s first quarter 2025 earnings were $7.7 billion, compared to $8.2 billion a year earlier. The decrease in earnings was mainly driven by a significant decline in industry refining margins, weaker crude prices, lower base volumes from divestments, and higher expenses driven by growth initiatives, partly offset by increased volumes from advantaged Upstream investments in the Permian and Guyana, favorable timing effects from derivatives mark-to-market impacts and Structural Cost Savings. Cash capital expenditures were $5.9 billion, up $0.7 billion from first quarter 2024.
UPSTREAM
Price – Price impacts decreased earnings by $450 million, driven by a decrease in liquids realizations, partly offset by an increase in natural gas realizations.
Advantaged Volume Growth – Higher volumes from advantaged assets increased earnings by $920 million, driven by growing production in Permian, including the Pioneer acquisition, and Guyana.
Base Volume – Base volumes from divestments decreased earnings by $180 million.
Structural Cost Savings – Increased earnings by $310 million.
Expenses – Higher expenses decreased earnings by $180 million from higher depreciation.
Other – All other items increased earnings by $400 million, mainly driven by divestments.
Timing Effects – Favorable timing effects, mainly from derivatives mark-to-market impacts, increased earnings by $280 million.
20
Table of Contents
21
Table of Contents
Listed below are descriptions of ExxonMobil’s volumes reconciliation drivers which are provided to facilitate understanding of the terms.
Entitlements - Net Interest
are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of production volumes caused by non-operational changes to volume-determining drivers. These drivers consist of net interest changes specified in Production Sharing Contracts (PSCs), which typically occur when cumulative investment returns or production volumes achieve defined thresholds, changes in equity upon achieving pay-out in partner investment carry situations, equity redeterminations as specified in venture agreements, or as a result of the termination or expiry of a concession. Once a net interest change has occurred, it typically will not be reversed by subsequent events, such as lower crude oil prices.
Entitlements - Price, Spend and Other
are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of production volumes resulting from temporary changes to non-operational volume-determining drivers. These drivers include changes in oil and gas prices or spending levels from one period to another. According to the terms of contractual arrangements or government royalty regimes, price or spending variability can increase or decrease royalty burdens and/or volumes attributable to ExxonMobil. For example, at higher prices, fewer barrels are required for ExxonMobil to recover its costs.