award instrument. Options and SARs may be granted at prices not less than
100
percent of market value on the date of grant and have a maximum life of
10
years. The maximum number of shares of stock that may be issued under the 2003 Incentive Program is
220
million. Awards that are forfeited, expire, or are settled in cash do not count against this maximum limit. The 2003 Incentive Program does not have a specified term. New awards may be made until the available shares are depleted, unless the ExxonMobil Board of Directors terminates the plan early. At the end of 2024, remaining shares available for award under the 2003 Incentive Program were
47
million.
Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units.
Awards of restricted (nonvested) common stock units granted under the 2003 Incentive Program totaled
10,393
thousand,
9,701
thousand, and
9,392
thousand in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Compensation expense for these awards is based on the price of the stock at the date of grant and is recognized in income over the requisite service period. Shares for these awards are issued to employees from treasury stock. The units that are settled in cash are recorded as liabilities, and their changes in fair value are recognized over the vesting period.
During the applicable restricted periods, the shares and units may not be sold or transferred and are subject to forfeiture. The majority of the awards have graded vesting periods, with
50
percent of the shares and units in each award vesting after
three years
, and the remaining
50
percent vesting after
seven years
.
Some management, professional, and technical participants will receive awards that vest in full after
three years
. Awards granted to a small number of senior executives have vesting periods of
five years
for
50
percent of the award and of
10
years for the remaining
50
percent of the award, except that for awards granted prior to 2020 the vesting of the
10
-year portion of the award is delayed until retirement if later than
10
years.
In accordance with the terms of the merger agreement for the Pioneer acquisition, which closed on May 3, 2024, awards of Pioneer restricted stock units granted under the Pioneer Amended and Restated 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan (Pioneer LTIP) that did not vest as of immediately prior to the closing were cancelled and converted into awards of ExxonMobil restricted stock units based on the merger exchange ratio. The grant date for the converted Pioneer awards is considered to be the effective date of the acquisition for the purpose of calculating fair value. Compensation costs for the converted Pioneer awards is recognized in income over a period commensurate with the vesting schedule. Pioneer awards vest in
three
installments over a period of
three years
with approximately one third of the awards vesting each year. Shares for these awards are issued to employees from treasury stock. The units that are settled in cash are recorded as liabilities and their changes in