sites near the largest industrial complexes on the Gulf Coast. Combining Denbury’s assets and our experience we have created the largest CO2 network in the world which gives us a unique ability to help customers in the region reduce their emissions at a lower cost and faster pace. A cost-efficient transportation and storage system has the potential to accelerate carbon capture and storage deployment for both ExxonMobil and our third-party customers. Stable policy support, along with technology advancements and the development of market-driven mechanisms, will continue to be important to the development and deployment of lower-emission solutions.
(1)
H
eritage Permian Basin assets exclude assets acquired as part of the acquisition of Pioneer that closed May 3, 2024.
45
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Recent Business Environment
During 2024, the price of crude oil remained near the middle of the pre-COVID 10-year range (2010-2019), as markets remained balanced. Through the first nine months of the year, natural gas prices declined towards the middle of the 10-year range due to strong supply and lower demand. In the fourth quarter, natural gas prices increased on rising demand driven by colder weather in the U.S. and Europe.
Refining margins declined in 2024 from high 2023 levels as increased supply from industry capacity additions outpaced record global demand and remain near the bottom of the 10-year range. Chemical margins improved slightly in 2024 but remained well below the 10-year range driven by over-supply, primarily in Asia.
The general rate of inflation across major countries peaked in 2022, rising from already elevated levels in 2021, due to additional impacts on energy and other commodities from the Russia-Ukraine conflict.
Inflation has trended down since 2023 as a result of aggressive monetary tightening by major central banks and slowing global economic growth. However, there has been significant variation on the pace of change across OECD and non-OECD countries. With inflation gradually approaching the official targets in the U.S. and Eurozone, the Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank began lowering interest rates in 2024. Meanwhile, China has been under persistent deflationary pressure since 2023.
The Corporation closely monitors market trends and works to mitigate both operating and capital cost impacts in all price environments. Organizational changes implemented over the past several years enabled the Corporation to capture $12.1 billion of structural cost savings
(1)
versus 2019, including $2.4 billion of savings during 2024, through increased operational efficiencies, workforce reductions, divestment-related reductions, and other cost-saving measures. The Company sees additional opportunities in areas such as supply chain efficiency, improved maintenance and turnarounds, modernized data management, centralization of activities, and simplified business processes.