These savings are key drivers to further reduce our structural costs by $6 billion by 2030, thereby improving the earnings power of the Corporation.
(1)
Refer to
Frequently Used Terms
for definition of structural cost savings.
Transportation of Kazakhstan Production
The Corporation holds a 25 percent interest in Tengizchevroil, LLP (TCO), which operates the Tengiz and Korolev oil fields in Kazakhstan, and a 16.8 percent working interest in the Kashagan field in Kazakhstan. Oil production from those operations is exported primarily through the Caspian Pipeline Consortium (CPC), in which the Corporation holds a 7.5 percent interest. CPC traverses parts of Kazakhstan and Russia to tanker-loading facilities on the Russian coast of the Black Sea. In the event geopolitical issues escalate in the region, including ongoing military conflict, it is possible that the transportation of Kazakhstan oil through the CPC pipeline could be disrupted, curtailed, temporarily suspended, or otherwise restricted. In such a case, the Corporation could experience a loss of cash flows of uncertain duration from its operations in Kazakhstan. For reference, after-tax earnings related to the Corporation’s interests in Kazakhstan in 2024 were approximately $1.9 billion, and its share of combined oil and gas production was approximately 260 thousand oil-equivalent barrels per day.
46
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
BUSINESS RESULTS
ExxonMobil has a diverse growth portfolio of exploration and development opportunities, which allows the Corporation to be selective in our investments, maximizing shareholder value and mitigating political and technical risks. ExxonMobil’s competitive strengths enable the Upstream’s business strategy, which is focused on developing an industry-leading portfolio underpinned by advantaged growth projects, applying ExxonMobil’s technology to enhance value and improve development efficiency, and leveraging the unique capabilities of the Company's global projects organization to deliver projects on time and in line with budgets.
The Upstream capital program is focused on low cost-of-supply opportunities. ExxonMobil has a strong pipeline of development projects, including continued growth in Guyana and the Permian Basin, as well as LNG expansion opportunities in Qatar, Mozambique, Papua New Guinea, and the United States. As future development projects and drilling activities bring new production online, the Corporation expects a shift in the geographic mix and in the type of opportunities from which volumes are produced. Based on the current investment plans, the proportion of oil-equivalent production from the Americas is generally expected to increase over the next several years. Currently about two thirds of the Corporation's global production comes from unconventional, deepwater, and LNG resources. This proportion is generally expected to grow.
The Corporation anticipates several projects will