number of extensions up to three years each. Extensions are subject to specific minimum work commitments. Production licenses were historically granted for 20 to 25 years with multiple possible extensions subject to production on the license.
Netherlands
Under the Mining Law, effective January 1, 2003, exploration and production licenses for both onshore and offshore areas are issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license. The term is based on the period of time necessary to perform the activities for which the license is issued. License conditions are stipulated in the license and are based on the Mining Law.
Production rights granted prior to January 1, 2003, remain subject to their existing terms and differ slightly for onshore and offshore areas. Onshore production licenses issued prior to 1988 were indefinite; from 1988, they were issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license, ranging from 35 to 45 years. Offshore production licenses issued before 1976 were issued for a fixed period of 40 years; from 1976, they were again issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license, ranging from 15 to 40 years.
21
United Kingdom
Acreage terms are fixed by the government and are periodically changed. For example, many of the early licenses issued under the first four licensing rounds provided an initial term of six years with relinquishment of at least one-half of the original area at the end of the initial term, subject to extension for a further 40 years. At the end of any such 40-year term, licenses may continue in producing areas until cessation of production; or licenses may continue in development areas for periods agreed on a case-by-case basis until they become producing areas; or licenses terminate in all other areas. The majority of traditional licenses currently issued have an initial exploration term of four years with a second term extension of four years, and a final production term of 18 years, with a mandatory relinquishment of 50 percent of the acreage after the initial term and of all acreage that is not covered by a development plan at the end of the second term.
Angola
Exploration and production activities are governed by either production sharing agreements or other concession contracts with initial exploration terms ranging from three to four years with options to extend from one to five years. The production periods range from 20 to 30 years, with extensions subject to negotiation with the National Concessionaire.
Mozambique
Exploration and production activities are generally governed by concession contracts with the Government of the Republic of Mozambique, represented by the Ministry of Mineral Resources and Energy. An interest in Area 4 offshore Mozambique was acquired in 2017. Terms for Area 4 are governed by the Exploration and Production Concession Contract (EPCC) for Area 4 Offshore of the Rovuma Block. The EPCC expires 30 years after an approved plan of development becomes effective for a given