mainly driven by favorable foreign exchange effects.
Timing Effects – Unfavorable timing effects from derivatives mark-to-market impacts decreased earnings by $2,390 million.
Identified Items
(1)
–
2022 $(2,939) million loss mainly driven by the Russia expropriation $(2,185) million and impacts from additional European taxes $(1,415) million, partly offset by gains of $886 million on the sale of the Romania, U.S. Barnett Shale, and XTO Energy Canada assets; 2023 $(2,301) million loss primarily due to the impairment of the idled Santa Ynez Unit assets and associated facilities in California.
(1)
Refer to
Frequently Used Terms
for definition of Identified Items and Earnings (loss) excluding Identified Items.
49
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Upstream Operational Results
50
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Listed below are descriptions of ExxonMobil’s volumes reconciliation drivers, which are provided to facilitate understanding of the terms.
Entitlements - Net Interest
are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of production volumes caused by non-operational changes to volume-determining drivers. These drivers consist of net interest changes specified in Production Sharing Contracts (PSCs), which typically occur when cumulative investment returns or production volumes achieve defined thresholds, changes in equity upon achieving pay-out in partner investment carry situations, equity redeterminations as specified in venture agreements, or as a result of the termination or expiry of a concession. Once a net interest change has occurred, it typically will not be reversed by subsequent events, such as lower crude oil prices.
Entitlements - Price, Spend and Other
are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of production volumes resulting from temporary changes to non-operational volume-determining drivers. These drivers include changes in oil and gas prices or spending levels from one period to another. According to the terms of contractual arrangements or government royalty regimes, price or spending variability can increase or decrease royalty burdens and/or volumes attributable to ExxonMobil. For example, at higher prices, fewer barrels are required for ExxonMobil to recover its costs. These effects generally vary from period to period with field spending patterns or market prices for oil and natural gas. Such drivers can also include other temporary changes in net interest as dictated by specific provisions in production agreements.
Government Mandates
are changes to ExxonMobil's sustainable production levels as a result of production limits or sanctions imposed by governments.
Divestments
are reductions in ExxonMobil’s production arising from commercial arrangements to fully or partially reduce equity in a field or asset in exchange for financial or other economic consideration.
Growth and Other
drivers comprise all other operational and non-operational drivers