proved developed reserves by year-end. The largest transfers were related to development activities in the United States, Guyana, Kazakhstan, and the United Arab Emirates. In 2024, purchases of 0.4 GOEB in the United States and extensions and discoveries of 1.9 GOEB, primarily in the United States and Guyana, resulted in the addition of approximately 2.3 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves. Also, the Corporation reclassified approximately 0.7 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves, primarily in the United States, which was offset by upward revision of approximately 0.6 GOEB, primarily in the United Arab Emirates. This results in a net reclassification of approximately 0.1 GOEB of proved reserves which no longer met the SEC definition of proved reserves.
Overall, investments of $16.4 billion were made by the Corporation during 2024 to progress the development of reported proved undeveloped reserves, including $16.0 billion for oil and gas producing activities, along with additional investments for other non-oil and gas producing activities such as the construction of support infrastructure and other related facilities. These investments represented 75 percent of the $21.8 billion in total reported Upstream capital and exploration expenditures.
One of ExxonMobil’s requirements for reporting proved reserves is that management has made significant funding commitments toward the development of the reserves. ExxonMobil has a disciplined investment strategy and many major fields require long lead-time in order to be developed. Development projects typically take several years from the time of recording proved undeveloped reserves to the start of production and can exceed five years for large and complex projects. Proved undeveloped reserves in Australia, Kazakhstan, and the United Arab Emirates have remained undeveloped for five years or more primarily due to constraints on the capacity of infrastructure, as well as the time required to complete development for very large projects. The Corporation is reasonably certain that these proved reserves will be produced; however, the timing and amount recovered can be affected by a number of factors including completion of development projects, reservoir performance, regulatory approvals, government policies, consumer preferences, the pace of co-venturer/government funding, changes in the amount and timing of capital investments, and significant changes in crude oil and natural gas price levels. Of the proved undeveloped reserves that have been reported for five or more years, over 80 percent are contained in the aforementioned countries. In Australia, proved undeveloped reserves are associated with future compression for the Gorgon Jansz LNG project. In Kazakhstan, the proved undeveloped reserves are related to the remainder of the Tengizchevroil joint venture development that includes a production license in the Tengiz - Korolev field complex. The Tengizchevroil joint venture is producing, and proved undeveloped