progress with respect to our ambition to play a leading role in the energy transition, or that pursuit of this ambition may result in allocation of capital to investments with reduced returns; and other adverse events such as those described in this Item 1A. Negative impacts on our reputation could in turn make it more difficult for us to compete successfully for new opportunities, obtain necessary regulatory approvals, obtain financing, and attract talent, or they could reduce consumer demand for our branded products. ExxonMobil’s reputation may also be harmed by events which negatively affect the image of our industry as a whole.
Projections, estimates, and descriptions of ExxonMobil’s plans and objectives included or incorporated in Items 1, 1A, 1C, 2, 5, 7, and 7A of this report are forward-looking statements. Actual future results, including project completion dates, production rates, capital expenditures, costs, and business plans could differ materially due to, among other things, the factors discussed above and elsewhere in this report.
None.
The Corporation recognizes the importance of cybersecurity in achieving its business objectives, safeguarding its assets, and managing its daily operations.
Accordingly, the Corporation integrates cybersecurity risks into its overall enterprise risk management system
.
The Audit Committee oversees the Corporation’s risk management approach and structure, which includes an annual review of the Corporation’s cybersecurity program.
The Corporation’s cybersecurity program is managed by
the Corporation’s Vice President of Information Technology (IT), with support from cross-functional teams led by ExxonMobil IT and operational technology (OT) cybersecurity operations managers (collectively, Cybersecurity Operations Managers)
. The Cybersecurity Operations Managers are responsible for the day-to-day management and effective functioning of the cybersecurity program, including the prevention, detection, investigation, and response to cybersecurity threats and incidents.
The Cybersecurity Operations Managers collectively have many years of experience in cybersecurity operations.
IT management provides regular reports to the Corporation’s senior management throughout the year, and to the Audit Committee or the Board of Directors, as appropriate, in its annual cybersecurity review.
Such reports typically address, among other things, the Corporation’s cybersecurity strategy, initiatives, key security metrics, penetration testing and benchmarking learnings, and business response plans as well as the evolving cybersecurity threat landscape.
The Corporation’s cybersecurity program includes multi-layered technological capabilities designed to prevent and detect cybersecurity disruptions and leverages industry standard frameworks, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. The cybersecurity program incorporates an incident response plan to engage cross-functionally across