funds in 2024 were net income including noncontrolling interests of $35.1 billion, the adjustment for the noncash provision of $23.4 billion for depreciation and depletion, proceeds from asset sales of $5.0 billion, other investing activities of $1.9 billion, and cash acquired from mergers and acquisitions of $0.8 billion. The major uses of funds included spending for additions to property, plant and equipment of $24.3 billion; dividends to shareholders of $16.7 billion; the purchase of ExxonMobil stock of $19.6 billion;
debt repayment of $5.9 billion;
additional investments and advances of $3.3 billion; and an increase in working capital of $1.8 billion.
Total cash and cash equivalents were $31.6 billion at the end of 2023, up $1.9 billion from the prior year. The major sources of funds in 2023 were net income including noncontrolling interests of $37.4 billion, the adjustment for the noncash provision of $20.6 billion for depreciation and depletion, proceeds from asset sales of $4.1 billion, and other investing activities of $1.6 billion. The major uses of funds included spending for additions to property, plant and equipment of $21.9 billion; dividends to shareholders of $14.9 billion; the purchase of ExxonMobil stock of $17.7 billion; additional investments and advances of $3.0 billion; and a change in working capital of $4.3 billion.
The Corporation has access to significant capacity of long-term and short-term liquidity. Internally generated funds are expected to cover the majority of financial requirements, supplemented by long-term and short-term debt. On December 31, 2024, the Corporation had undrawn short-term committed lines of credit of $0.2 billion and undrawn long-term lines of credit of $1.3 billion.
To support cash flows in future periods, the Corporation will need to continually find or acquire and develop new fields, and continue to develop and apply new technologies and recovery processes to existing fields, in order to maintain or increase production. After a period of production at plateau rates, it is the nature of oil and gas fields to eventually produce at declining rates for the remainder of their economic life. Decline rates can vary widely by individual field due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the type of reservoir, fluid properties, recovery mechanisms, work activity, and age of the field. In particular, the Corporation’s key tight-oil plays have higher initial decline rates which tend to moderate over time. Furthermore, the Corporation’s net interest in production for individual fields can vary with price and the impact of fiscal and commercial terms.
The Corporation has long been successful at mitigating the effects of natural field decline through disciplined investments in quality opportunities and project execution. The Corporation anticipates several projects will come online over the next few years providing additional production capacity. However, actual volumes will vary from year to