restrictions, or covenants related to leases, and transactions with related parties are also not significant.
In general, leases are capitalized using the incremental borrowing rate of the leasing affiliate.
The Corporation’s activities as a lessor are not significant.
95
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
In addition to the lease liabilities in the table immediately above, at December 31, 2024, undiscounted commitments for leases not yet commenced totaled $
3,938
million for operating leases and $
1,957
million for finance leases. Estimated cash payments for operating and finance leases not yet commenced are $
248
million and $
341
million for 2025 and 2026, respectively. Operating leases not yet commenced primarily relate to LNG transportation vessels. Finance leases not yet commenced primarily relate to a long-term processing agreement to upgrade residue to hydrogen. The underlying assets are primarily designed by, and are being constructed by, the lessors.
Note 12.
Earnings Per Share
96
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 13.
Financial Instruments and Derivatives
The estimated fair value of financial instruments and derivatives at December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, and the related hierarchy level for the fair value measurement was as follows:
At December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, the Corporation had $
491
million and $
800
million of collateral under master netting arrangements not offset against the derivatives on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, primarily related to initial margin requirements.
97
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Derivative Instruments.
The Corporation’s size, strong capital structure, geographic diversity, and the complementary nature of its business segments reduce the Corporation’s enterprise-wide risk from changes in commodity prices, currency rates, and interest rates. In addition, the Corporation uses commodity-based contracts, including derivatives, to manage commodity price risk and to generate returns from trading. Commodity contracts held for trading purposes are presented in the Consolidated Statement of Income on a net basis in the line “Sales and other operating revenue” and in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in “Cash Flows from Operating Activities”. The Corporation’s commodity derivatives are not accounted for under hedge accounting. At times, the Corporation also enters into currency and interest rate derivatives, none of which are material to the Corporation’s financial position as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, or results of operations for 2024, 2023, and 2022.
During the fourth quarter of 2024,
the Corporation initiated a program to hedge certain of its fixed-rate debt instruments against changes in fair value due to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate. This program utilizes fair value hedge accounting. The derivative (hedging) instruments are fixed-for-floating interest rate swaps, with settlement dates that correspond to the