common shares increased to $3.68 per share from $3.55 per share and totaled $14.9 billion.
During 2023, the Corporation continued its share repurchase program for up to $50 billion in shares through 2024, including the purchase of 162 million shares at a book value of $17.5 billion in 2023.
Contractual Obligations
The Corporation has contractual obligations involving commitments to third parties that impact its liquidity and capital resource needs. These contractual obligations are primarily for leases, debt, asset retirement obligations, pension and other postretirement benefits, take-or-pay and unconditional purchase obligations, and firm capital commitments. See Notes
9
,
11
,
14
and
17
for information related to asset retirement obligations, leases, long-term debt and pensions, respectively.
In addition, the Corporation also enters into commodity purchase obligations (volumetric commitments but no fixed or minimum price) which are resold shortly after purchase, either in an active, highly liquid market or under long-term, unconditional sales contracts with similar pricing terms. Examples include long-term, noncancelable LNG and natural gas purchase commitments and commitments to purchase refinery products at market prices. These commitments are not meaningful in assessing liquidity and cash flow, because the purchases will be offset in the same periods by cash received from the related sales transactions.
Take-or-pay obligations are noncancelable, long-term commitments for goods and services. Unconditional purchase obligations are those long-term commitments that are noncancelable or cancelable only under certain conditions, and that third parties have used to secure financing for the facilities that will provide the contracted goods or services. These obligations mainly pertain to pipeline, manufacturing supply and terminal agreements. The total obligation at year-end 2024 for take-or-pay and unconditional purchase obligations was $49.9 billion. Cash payments expected in 2025 and 2026 are $5.5 billion and $6.3 billion, respectively.
Guarantees
The Corporation and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries were contingently liable at December 31, 2024 for guarantees relating to notes, loans and performance under contracts (
Note 16
). Where guarantees for environmental remediation and other similar matters do not include a stated cap, the amounts reflect management’s estimate of the maximum potential exposure. Where it is not possible to make a reasonable estimation of the maximum potential amount of future payments, future performance is expected to be either immaterial or have only a remote chance of occurrence. Guarantees are not reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Corporation’s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
63
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Financial