private equity partnerships that primarily focus on early-stage venture capital.
The fair value measurement levels are accounting terms that refer to different methods of valuing assets. The terms do not represent the relative risk or credit quality of an investment.
105
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The 2024 fair value of the benefit plan assets, including the level within the fair value hierarchy, is shown in the tables below:
106
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The 2023 fair value of the benefit plan assets, including the level within the fair value hierarchy, is shown in the tables below:
107
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
A summary of pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets is shown in the table below:
All other postretirement benefit plans are unfunded or underfunded.
Note 18.
Disclosures about Segments and Related Information
Our reportable segments are Upstream, Energy Products, Chemical Products, and Specialty Products. The factors used to identify these reportable segments are based on the nature of the operations that are undertaken by each segment and reflect the nature of internal reviews by our Management Committee (MC). The MC is considered collectively, and not in their individual capacity, to be our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), and includes our CEO, CFO, and two Senior Vice Presidents serving as contact executives overseeing the Upstream and Product Solutions businesses.
The Upstream segment is organized to explore for and produce crude oil and natural gas. Product Solutions consists of the Energy Products, Chemical Products, and Specialty Products segments, which are organized to manufacture and sell petroleum products and petrochemicals.
•
Energy Products: Fuels, aromatics, and catalysts and licensing
•
Chemical Products: Olefins, polyolefins, and intermediates
•
Specialty Products: Finished lubricants, basestocks and waxes, synthetics, and elastomers and resins
The CODM generally allocates resources through an annual planning process. They also allocate capital based on detailed project economics and long-term strategic objectives across reportable segments. The CODM primarily uses changes in Net income (loss) attributable to ExxonMobil to assess segment financial performance.
Net income (loss) attributable to ExxonMobil includes transfers at estimated market prices. In Corporate and Financing, interest revenue relates to interest earned on cash deposits and marketable securities. Interest expense includes non-debt-related interest expense of $
437
million in 2024, $
234
million in 2023, and $
117
million in 2022.
108
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
109
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
110
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
111
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Sales and other operating revenue include both revenue within the scope of