unsettled derivatives (mark-to-market) and other earnings impacts driven by timing differences between the settlement of derivatives and their offsetting physical commodity realizations (due to LIFO inventory accounting).
(1)
Heritage Permian Basin assets exclude assets acquired as part of the acquisition of Pioneer that closed May 3, 2024.
35
FREQUENTLY USED TERMS
Structural Cost Savings
(Non-GAAP)
Structural cost savings describes decreases in cash opex excluding energy and production taxes as a result of operational efficiencies, workforce reductions, divestment-related reductions, and other cost-savings measures that are expected to be sustainable compared to 2019 levels. Relative to 2019, estimated cumulative structural cost savings totaled $12.1 billion. The total change between periods in expenses below will reflect both structural cost savings and other changes in spend, including market factors, such as inflation and foreign exchange impacts, as well as changes in activity levels and costs associated with new operations, mergers and acquisitions, new business venture development, and early-stage projects. Estimates of cumulative annual structural cost savings may be revised depending on whether cost reductions realized in prior periods are determined to be sustainable compared to 2019 levels. Structural cost savings are stewarded internally to support management’s oversight of spending over time. This measure is useful for investors to understand the Corporation’s efforts to optimize spending through disciplined expense management.
36
FREQUENTLY USED TERMS
Earnings (loss) excluding Identified Items
(Non-GAAP)
Earnings (loss) excluding Identified Items are earnings (loss) excluding individually significant non-operational events with, typically, an absolute corporate total earnings impact of at least $250 million in a given quarter. The earnings (loss) impact of an Identified Item for an individual segment in a given quarter may be less than $250 million when the item impacts several segments or several periods. Management uses these figures to improve comparability of the underlying business across multiple periods by isolating and removing significant non-operational events from business results. The Corporation believes this view provides investors increased transparency into business results and trends, and provides investors with a view of the business as seen through the eyes of management. Earnings (loss) excluding Identified Items is not meant to be viewed in isolation or as a substitute for net income (loss) attributable to ExxonMobil as prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
37
FREQUENTLY USED TERMS
References in this discussion to Corporate earnings (loss) mean net income (loss) attributable to ExxonMobil (U.S. GAAP) from the Consolidated Statement of Income. Unless otherwise indicated, references to earnings (loss), Upstream, Energy Products, Chemical Products, Specialty Products, and Corporate and Financing earnings (loss),