other actors and their agents also increasingly seek to collectively advance climate change objectives indirectly, such as by seeking to reduce the availability or increase the cost of financing and investment in the oil and gas sector. These actions include delaying or blocking needed infrastructure, utilizing shareholder governance mechanisms against companies or their shareholders or financial institutions in an effort to deter investment in oil and gas activities, and taking other actions intended to promote changes in business strategy for oil and gas companies. Depending on how policies are formulated and applied, such policies could negatively affect our investment returns, make our hydrocarbon-based products more expensive or less competitive, lengthen project implementation times, and reduce demand for hydrocarbons, as well as shift hydrocarbon demand toward relatively lower-carbon alternatives. Current and pending greenhouse gas regulations or policies
4
may also increase our compliance costs, such as for monitoring or sequestering emissions and complying with increased or mandatory disclosure or due diligence requirements and government mandated energy transition plans.
Technology and lower-emission solutions.
Achieving societal ambitions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and ultimately achieve net zero will require new technologies and added infrastructure to reduce the cost and increase the scalability of alternative energy sources, as well as technologies such as carbon capture and storage (CCS). CCS technologies, focused initially on capturing and sequestering CO2 emissions from high-carbon intensity industrial activities, can assist in meeting society’s objective to mitigate atmospheric greenhouse gas levels while also helping ensure the availability of the reliable and affordable energy the world requires. ExxonMobil has established a Low Carbon Solutions (LCS) business unit and is continuing efforts in our existing businesses to advance the development and deployment of these technologies and projects, including CCS, hydrogen, lower-emission fuels, and lithium, breakthrough energy efficiency processes, advanced energy-saving materials, and other technologies. The Company’s efforts include both in-house research and development as well as collaborative efforts with leading universities and with commercial partners involved in new energy technologies. Our future results and ability to grow our business, help others meet their emission-reduction goals, and succeed through the energy transition will depend in part on the success of these research and collaboration efforts and on our ability to adapt and apply the strengths of our current business model to providing the energy products of the future in a cost-competitive manner.
Policy and market development.
The scale of the world’s energy system means that, in addition to developments in technology as discussed above, any successful energy transition will require appropriate