as part of its ongoing asset management program, continues to evaluate its mix of assets for potential upgrade. Because of the ongoing nature of this program, dispositions will continue to be made from time to time which will result in either gains or losses. Additionally, the Corporation continues to evaluate opportunities to enhance its business portfolio through acquisitions of assets or companies, and enters into such transactions from time to time. Key criteria for evaluating acquisitions include strategic fit, cost synergies, potential for future growth, low cost of supply, and attractive valuations. Acquisitions may be made with cash, shares of the Corporation’s common stock, or both.
Litigation and other contingencies are discussed in
Note
3
to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.
(1)
Net debt is total debt of $37.6 billion less $17.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents excluding restricted cash . Net debt to capital ratio is net debt divided by net debt plus total equity of $269.8 billion. Total debt is the sum of notes and loans payable and long-term debt, as reported in the consolidated balance sheet.
28
Table of Contents
TAXES
Total taxes were $10.6 billion for the first quarter of 2025, a decrease of $0.3 billion from 2024. Income tax expense was $3.6 billion compared to $3.8 billion in the prior year. The effective income tax rate, which is calculated based on consolidated company income taxes and ExxonMobil's share of equity company income taxes, was 34 percent. This decreased from the 36 percent rate in the prior year period due primarily to a change in mix of results in jurisdictions with varying tax rates. Total other taxes and duties decreased by $0.1 billion to $7.1 billion.
CASH CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
(Non-GAAP)
Cash capital expenditures (Cash Capex) is the sum of Additions to property, plant and equipment; Additional investments and advances; and Other investing activities including collection of advances; reduced by Inflows from noncontrolling interests for major projects, each from the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. This measure is useful for investors to understand the current period cash impact of investments in the business.
Cash capex in the first quarter of 2025 was $5.9 billion, up $0.7 billion from the first quarter of 2024.
The Corporation plans to invest in the range of $27 billion to $29 billion in 2025. Actual spending could vary depending on the progress of individual projects and property acquisitions.
29
Table of Contents
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Statements related to future events; projections; descriptions of strategic, operating, and financial plans and objectives; statements of future ambitions and plans; future earnings power; potential addressable markets; and other statements of future events or conditions are forward-looking statements. Similarly, discussion of future plans related to carbon capture, transportation and storage, lower-emission fuels, hydrogen, ammonia,