successful efforts method to account for its exploration and production activities. Costs incurred to purchase, lease, or otherwise acquire a property (whether unproved or proved) are capitalized when incurred. As disclosed by management, oil and natural gas reserve volumes are used as the basis to calculate unit-of-production depreciation rates for most upstream assets. Acquisition costs of proved properties are depreciated using a ratio of asset cost to total proved reserves while capitalized drilling and development costs are depreciated using a ratio of actual production volumes to proved developed reserves. The estimation of proved oil and natural gas reserve volumes is an ongoing process based on technical evaluations, commercial and market assessments, and detailed analysis of reservoir and well performance, development and production costs, and other factors. As further disclosed by management, reserve changes are made within a well-established, disciplined process driven by senior level geoscience and engineering professionals, assisted by the Global Reserves and Resources Group (together "management's specialists").
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the impact of proved developed oil and natural gas reserves on upstream PP&E, net is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management, including the use of management's specialists, when developing the estimates of proved developed oil and natural gas reserves and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the data, methods, and assumptions used by management and its specialists in developing the estimates of proved developed oil and natural gas reserves.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management's estimates of proved developed oil and natural gas reserves. The work of management's specialists was used in performing the procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the proved developed oil and natural gas reserves. As a basis for using this work, the specialists' qualifications were understood and the Corporation’s relationship with the specialists was assessed. The procedures performed also included (i) evaluating the methods and assumptions used by the specialists; (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used by the specialists related to historical production volumes; and (iii) evaluating the specialists' findings related to future production volumes by comparing the future production volumes to relevant historical and current period production volumes, as applicable.
Merger with Pioneer - Valuation of Crude Oil and Natural Gas Properties
As described in Note 21 to the consolidated financial