Using our own experts and third-party sources, we monitor a variety of signposts that may indicate a potential shift in the energy transition. For example, the regional pace of the transition could be influenced by the cost of new technologies compared to existing or alternative energy sources. To effectively evaluate the pace of change, ExxonMobil uses many scenarios to help identify signposts that provide leading indicators of future developments and allow for timely adjustments to future versions of the Outlook.
Under our Outlook, global electricity demand is expected to increase more than 75 percent from 2023 to 2050, with developing countries likely to account for approximately 80 percent of the increase. Consistent with this projection, power generation is expected to remain the largest and fastest growing major segment of global primary energy demand, supported by a wide variety of energy sources. The share of coal-fired generation is expected to decline substantially to approximately 15 percent of the world’s electricity in 2050, versus approximately 35 percent in 2023, in part due to policies to improve air quality as well as reduce greenhouse gas emissions to address risks related to climate change. From 2023 to 2050, the amount of electricity supplied using natural gas, nuclear power, and renewables is expected to more than double, accounting for the entire growth in electricity supplies and offsetting the reduction of coal. Electricity from wind and solar is expected to increase more than 450 percent, helping total renewables (including other sources, e.g., hydropower) to account for approximately 90 percent of the increase in electricity supplies through 2050. Total renewables are expected to reach over 50 percent of global electricity supplies by 2050. Natural gas and nuclear are expected to be about 20 percent and 10 percent, respectively, of global electricity supplies by 2050. Supplies of electricity by energy type will reflect significant differences across regions reflecting a wide range of factors, including the cost and availability of various energy supplies and policy developments.
41
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Energy for transportation - including cars, trucks, ships, trains, and airplanes - is expected to increase by about 25 percent from 2023 to 2050. Transportation energy demand is expected to account for about 60 percent of the growth in liquid fuels demand worldwide over this period. Light-duty vehicle demand for liquid fuels is projected to peak by around 2025, and then decline to levels seen in the early-2000s by 2050, as the impact of better fuel economy and significant growth in electric cars, led by China, Europe, and the United States, work to offset growth in the worldwide car fleet of approximately 65 percent. By 2050, light-duty vehicles are expected to account for around 20 percent of global liquid fuels demand. During the same time period, nearly