of proved reserve quantities and may include risk-adjusted unproved reserve quantities. Cash flow estimates for impairment testing exclude the effects of derivative instruments. As part of the Corporate Plan, the Company considers estimated greenhouse gas emission costs, even for jurisdictions without a current greenhouse gas pricing policy.
Fair Value of Impaired Assets.
An asset group is impaired if its estimated undiscounted cash flows are less than the asset group's carrying value. Impairments are measured by the excess of the carrying value over fair value. The assessment of fair value is based upon the views of a likely market participant. The principal parameters used to establish fair value include estimates of acreage values and flowing production metrics from comparable market transactions, market-based estimates of historical cash flow multiples, and discounted cash flows. Inputs and assumptions used in discounted cash flow models include estimates of future production volumes, throughput and product sales volumes, commodity prices (which are consistent with the average of third-party industry experts and government agencies), refining and chemical margins, drilling and development costs, operating costs, and discount rates which are reflective of the characteristics of the asset group.
85
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Other Impairments Related to Property, Plant and Equipment.
Unproved properties are assessed periodically to determine whether they have been impaired. Significant unproved properties are assessed for impairment individually, and valuation allowances against the capitalized costs are recorded based on the Corporation's future development plans, the estimated economic chance of success, and the length of time that the Corporation expects to hold the properties. Properties that are not individually significant are aggregated by groups and amortized based on development risk and average holding period.
Long-lived assets that are held for sale are evaluated for possible impairment by comparing the carrying value of the asset with its fair value less the cost to sell. If the net book value exceeds the fair value less cost to sell, the assets are considered impaired and adjusted to the lower value. Gains on sales of proved and unproved properties are only recognized when there is neither uncertainty about the recovery of costs applicable to any interest retained nor any substantial obligation for future performance by the Corporation.
Environmental Liabilities
Liabilities for environmental costs are recorded when it is probable that obligations have been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. These liabilities are not reduced by possible recoveries from third parties, and projected cash expenditures are not discounted.
Foreign Currency Translation
The Corporation selects the functional reporting currency for its international subsidiaries based on the currency of the primary economic environment in