not covered by the above definitions that may affect volumes attributable to ExxonMobil. Such drivers include, but are not limited to, production enhancements from project and work program activities, acquisitions including additions from asset exchanges, downtime, market demand, natural field decline, and any fiscal or commercial terms that do not affect entitlements.
ExxonMobil's Energy Products is one of the largest, most integrated businesses of its kind among international oil companies, with significant representation across the entire fuels value chain, including refining, logistics, trading, and marketing. This segment includes the fuels and aromatics value chains, and catalysts and licensing.
With the largest refining footprint among international oil companies, ExxonMobil’s Energy Products earnings are closely tied to industry refining margins. Refining margins are largely driven by differences in commodity prices and are a function of the difference between what a refinery pays for its raw materials and the market prices for the products produced. Crude oil and many products are widely traded with published prices, including those quoted on multiple exchanges around the world (e.g. New York Mercantile Exchange and Intercontinental Exchange). Prices for these commodities are determined by the global marketplace and are influenced by many factors, including global and regional supply/demand balances, inventory levels, industry refinery operations, import/export balances, currency fluctuations, seasonal demand, weather, and political considerations. While industry refining margins significantly impact Energy Products earnings, strong operational performance, product mix optimization, and disciplined cost control are also critical to strong financial performance.
In 2024, refining margins decreased to the middle of the pre-COVID 10-year historical range (2010-2019) despite record demand, due to supply length. Refining margins are expected to remain volatile with changes in global factors, including geopolitical developments; demand growth; recession fears; inventory levels; and refining capacity utilization, additions and rationalizations.
Key Recent Events
Strathcona Renewable Diesel project:
Progressed project with expected start-up in 2025 at Strathcona refinery to use low-carbon hydrogen, locally-sourced and grown feedstocks, and our proprietary catalyst to produce 20 thousand barrels of renewable diesel per day to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Fawley Hydrofiner project
: Progressed project with expected start-up in 2025 at Fawley site to increase production of ultra-low sulfur diesel and reduce production of other products, including high-sulfur distillates.
Fos-sur-Mer Refinery divestment:
In October 2024, ExxonMobil divested the Fos refinery and select midstream assets in France.
MiRO Refinery sale:
In October 2023, ExxonMobil reached an agreement to sell its interest in the MiRO refinery located in Karlsruhe, Germany. The