fair value less cost to sell.
Investments accounted for by the equity method are assessed for possible impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an investment may not be recoverable. Examples of key indicators include a history of operating losses, negative earnings and cash flow outlook, significant downward revisions to oil and gas reserves, and the financial condition and prospects for the investee’s business segment or geographic region. If the decline in value of the investment is other than temporary, the carrying value of the investment is written down to fair value. In the absence of market prices for the investment, discounted cash flows are used to assess fair value, which requires significant judgment.
Recent Impairments.
Impairments in 2024 were immaterial.
In 2023, the Corporation recognized after-tax charges of $3.4 billion, primarily related to the idled Upstream Santa Ynez Unit assets and associated facilities in California, which reflected the continuing challenges in the state regulatory environment that impeded progress towards restoring operations. Other impairments in the year included a $0.6 billion charge related to an Upstream equity investment.
70
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
In early 2022, in response to Russia’s military action in Ukraine, the Corporation announced that it planned to discontinue operations on the Sakhalin-1 project (“Sakhalin”) and develop steps to exit the venture. The Corporation’s first quarter 2022 results included after-tax charges of $3.0 billion representing the impairment of its Upstream operations related to Sakhalin. (Refer to
Note 2
for further information on Russia.) During 2022, other after-tax impairment charges of $1.6 billion and $0.3 billion were recognized in Upstream and Energy Products, respectively.
Factors which could put further assets at risk of impairment in the future include reductions in the Corporation’s price or margin outlooks, changes in the allocation of capital or development plans, reduced long-term demand for the Corporation's products, and operating cost increases which exceed the pace of efficiencies or the pace of oil and natural gas price or margin increases. However, due to the inherent difficulty in predicting future commodity prices or margins, and the relationship between industry prices and costs, it is not practicable to reasonably estimate the existence or range of any potential future impairment charges related to the Corporation’s long-lived assets.
For further information regarding impairments in equity method investments, property, plant, and equipment, and suspended wells, refer to Notes
7
,
9
, and
10
, respectively.
Asset Retirement Obligations
The Corporation is subject to retirement obligations for certain assets. The fair values of these obligations are recorded as liabilities on a discounted basis, which is typically at the time the assets are