reasonableness of the risk-adjusted discount rates assumptions. The work of management’s specialists was used in performing the procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the future production volumes used in the discounted cash flow models. As a basis for using this work, the specialists’ qualifications were understood and the Corporation’s relationship with the specialists was assessed. The procedures performed also included (i) evaluating the methods and assumptions used by the specialists; (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used by the specialists related to historical production volumes; and (iii) evaluating the specialists’ findings related to future production volumes by comparing the future production volumes to relevant historical and current period production volumes, as applicable.
/s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Houston, Texas
February 19, 2025
We have served as the Corporation’s auditor since 1934.
76
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME
77
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
78
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
79
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
80
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
81
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The accompanying consolidated financial statements and the supporting and supplemental material are the responsibility of the management of Exxon Mobil Corporation.
The Corporation’s principal business involves exploration for, and production of, crude oil and natural gas; manufacture, trade, transport and sale of crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals and a wide variety of specialty products; and pursuit of lower-emission and other new business opportunities including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, lower-emission fuels, Proxxima
TM
systems, carbon materials, and lithium.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
Note 1.
Summary of Accounting Policies
Principles of Consolidation and Accounting for Investments
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of subsidiaries the Corporation controls and any variable interest entities where it is deemed the primary beneficiary. They also include the Corporation’s share of the undivided interest in certain upstream assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Amounts representing the Corporation’s interest in entities that it does not control, but over which it exercises significant influence, are included in “Investments, advances and long-term receivables”. Under the equity method of accounting, the Corporation recognizes its share of the net income of these companies in “Income from equity affiliates”.
Majority ownership is normally the indicator of control that is the basis on which subsidiaries are