participation in proved reserves and ExxonMobil’s ownership percentage of the proved reserves of equity companies, but exclude royalties and quantities due others. Natural gas reserves exclude the gaseous equivalent of liquids expected to be removed from the natural gas on leases, at field facilities and at gas processing plants. These liquids are included in net proved reserves of crude oil and natural gas liquids.
In the proved reserves tables, consolidated reserves and equity company reserves are reported separately. However, the Corporation does not view equity company reserves any differently than those from consolidated companies.
Reserves reported under production sharing and other nonconcessionary agreements are based on the economic interest as defined by the specific fiscal terms in the agreement. The production and reserves reported for these types of arrangements typically vary inversely with oil and natural gas price changes. As oil and natural gas prices increase, the cash flow and value received by the Company increase; however, the production volumes and reserves required to achieve this value will typically be lower because of the higher prices. When prices decrease, the opposite effect generally occurs. The percentage of total proved reserves (consolidated subsidiaries plus equity companies) at year-end 2024 that were associated with production sharing contract arrangements was 11 percent on an oil-equivalent basis (natural gas is converted to an oil-equivalent basis at six billion cubic feet per one million barrels).
Net proved developed reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well. Net proved undeveloped reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.
Crude oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas production quantities shown are the net volumes withdrawn from ExxonMobil’s oil and natural gas reserves. The natural gas quantities differ from the quantities of natural gas delivered for sale by the producing function as reported in the Upstream Operational Results due to volumes consumed or flared and inventory changes.
The changes between 2024 year-end proved reserves and 2023 year-end proved reserves include worldwide production of 1.6 billion oil-equivalent barrels (GOEB) and asset sales of 0.1 GOEB primarily in Nigeria. Additions to proved reserves include 2.3 GOEB related to the Pioneer acquisition, 1.9 GOEB from extensions and discoveries primarily in the United States and Guyana, and net revisions of 0.6 GOEB primarily attributed to the United Arab Emirates, United States, Canada, and Guyana.
The changes between 2023 year-end proved reserves and 2022 year-end proved reserves include worldwide