share of amounts applicable to equity companies, which the Corporation believes should be included to provide a more comprehensive measure of capital employed.
34
FREQUENTLY USED TERMS
Return on Average Capital Employed
(Non-GAAP)
Return on average capital employed (ROCE) is a performance measure ratio. From the perspective of the business segments, ROCE is annual business segment earnings divided by average business segment capital employed (average of beginning and end-of-year amounts). These segment earnings include ExxonMobil’s share of segment earnings of equity companies, consistent with our capital employed definition, and exclude the cost of financing. The Corporation’s total ROCE is net income attributable to ExxonMobil excluding the after-tax cost of financing, divided by total corporate average capital employed. The Corporation has consistently applied its ROCE definition for many years and views it as one of the best measures of historical capital productivity in our capital-intensive, long-term industry. Additional measures, which are more cash flow based, are used to make investment decisions.
Selected Earnings Driver Definitions
The updated earnings drivers introduced in the first quarter of 2024 provide additional visibility into our business results. The Company evaluates these drivers periodically to determine if any enhancements may provide helpful insights to the market. Listed below are descriptions of the earnings drivers:
Advantaged Volume Growth.
Represents earnings impacts from change in volume/mix from advantaged assets, advantaged projects, and high-value products.
•
Advantaged Assets (Advantaged growth projects)
. Includes Permian (heritage Permian
(1)
and Pioneer), Guyana and LNG.
•
Advantaged Projects.
Includes capital projects and programs of work that contribute to Energy, Chemical, and/or Specialty Products segments that drive integration of segments/businesses, increase yield of higher value products, or deliver higher than average returns.
•
High-Value Products.
Includes performance products and lower-emission fuels. Performance products (performance chemicals, performance lubricants) refers to products that provide differentiated performance for multiple applications through enhanced properties versus commodity alternatives and bring significant additional value to customers and end-users.
Lower-emission fuels refers to fuels with lower life cycle emissions than conventional transportation fuels for gasoline, diesel and jet transport.
Base Volume.
Represents all volume/mix drivers not included in Advantaged Volume Growth defined above.
Structural Cost Savings.
Represents after-tax earnings effects of Structural Cost Savings as defined on the next page, including cash operating expenses related to divestments that were previously in the volume/mix driver.
Expenses.
Represents all expenses otherwise not included in other earnings drivers.
Timing Effects.
Represents timing effects that are primarily related to