conducted offshore in Commonwealth waters are governed by Federal legislation. Exploration permits are granted for an initial term of six years with two possible five-year renewal periods. Retention leases may be granted for resources that are not commercially viable at the time of application but are likely to become commercially viable within 15 years. These are granted for periods of five years, and renewals may be requested. Prior to July 1998, production licenses were granted initially for 21 years, with a further renewal of 21 years and thereafter indefinitely, i.e., for the life of the field. Effective from July 1998, new production licenses are granted indefinitely. In each case, a production license may be terminated if no production operations have been carried on for five years.
Papua New Guinea
Exploration and production activities are governed by the Oil and Gas Act. Petroleum prospecting licenses are granted for an initial term of six years with a five-year extension possible (an additional extension of three years is possible in certain circumstances). Generally, a 50-percent relinquishment of the license area is required at the end of the initial six-year term, if extended. Petroleum development licenses are granted for an initial 25-year period. An extension for further consecutive period(s) of up to 20 years may be granted at the Petroleum Minister’s discretion. Petroleum retention licenses may be granted for gas resources that are not commercially viable at the time of application but may become commercially viable within the maximum possible retention time of 15 years. Petroleum retention licenses are granted for an initial five-year period, and may only be extended, at the Minister’s discretion, twice for the maximum retention time of 15 years.
23
Information with regard to refining and chemical capacity:
ExxonMobil manufactures, trades, and sells petroleum and petrochemical products. Our refining and chemical operations are highly integrated and encompass a global network of manufacturing plants, transportation systems, and distribution centers that provide a range of fuels, specialty products, feedstocks, olefins, polyolefins, and a wide variety of other products to our customers around the world.
24
Information with regard to retail fuel sites:
Within the Energy Products segment, retail fuels sites sell products and services throughout the world through our
Exxon
,
Esso,
and
Mobil
brands.
ExxonMobil has elected to use a $1 million threshold for disclosing environmental proceedings.
As reported in the Corporation’s Form 10-Q for the third quarter of 2024, XTO Energy, Inc. (XTO) received a Notice of Violation from the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) on March 9, 2022 regarding certain well pad production facility sites in Butler County, Pennsylvania, alleging violations of certain federal New Source Performance Standards (NSPS) and Pennsylvania’s Title V operating permit regulations. In October 2024, XTO