these funds are not expected to be material.
115
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Unrecognized Tax Benefits.
The Corporation is subject to income taxation in many jurisdictions around the world.
The benefits of uncertain tax positions that the Corporation has taken or expects to take in its income tax returns are recognized in the financial statements if management concludes that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained with the tax authorities. For a position that is likely to be sustained, the benefit recognized in the financial statements is measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized. Unrecognized tax benefits reflect the difference between positions taken or expected to be taken on income tax returns and the amounts recognized in the financial statements.
The following table summarizes the movement in unrecognized tax benefits:
The gross unrecognized tax benefit balances shown above predominantly relate to tax positions that would reduce the Corporation’s effective tax rate if the positions are favorably resolved. Unfavorable resolution of these tax positions generally would not increase the effective tax rate. The 2024, 2023, and 2022 changes in unrecognized tax benefits did not have a material effect on the Corporation’s net income.
Resolution of these tax positions through negotiations with the relevant tax authorities or through litigation may take many years to complete. It is difficult to predict the timing of resolution for these tax positions since the timing is not entirely within the control of the Corporation. Unlike 2022, during which litigation resolved certain unrecognized tax benefit positions, there was no major resolution of unrecognized tax benefit positions in 2023 or 2024. The Corporation has various U.S. federal income tax positions at issue with the Internal Revenue Service for tax years beginning with 2010. Unfavorable resolution of these issues would not have a materially adverse effect on the Corporation’s net income or liquidity.
It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could increase by up to
20
percent or decrease by up to
30
percent in the next 12 months.
The following table summarizes the tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdiction:
The Corporation classifies interest on income tax-related balances as interest expense or interest income and classifies tax-related penalties as operating expense.
For 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Corporation's net interest expense on income tax reserves was $
142
million, $
60
million, and $
16
million, respectively. The related interest payable balances were $
275
million and $
134
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
116
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 20.
Divestment Activities
In 2024, the Corporation realized proceeds of approximately $
5.0
billion and recognized net after-tax earnings of approximately $
1.0