applicable, any excess of the purchase price over the fair value is recorded as goodwill. The assessment of fair value is based upon the views of a likely market participant group.
On May 3, 2024, the Corporation acquired Pioneer Natural Resources Company (Pioneer), an independent oil and gas exploration and production company. To effect the acquisition, we issued 545 million shares of ExxonMobil common stock having a fair value of $63 billion on the acquisition date, and assumed debt with a fair value of $5 billion.
In respect of the Pioneer acquisition, the most significant amount of judgment involved the estimated fair values of property, plant and equipment related to crude oil and natural gas properties, for which we used discounted cash flow models. Inputs and assumptions used in discounted cash flow models include estimates of future production volumes, commodity prices consistent with the average of third-party industry experts, drilling and development costs, and risk-adjusted discount rates.
The assumptions and inputs incorporated within the fair value estimates are subject to considerable management judgement and are based on industry, market, and economic conditions prevalent at the time of the acquisition. Actual results may differ from the projected results used to determine fair value.
See
N
ote
21
for further information regarding the Pioneer acquisition during 2024.
Impairment
The Corporation tests assets or groups of assets for recoverability on an ongoing basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The Corporation has a robust process to monitor for indicators of potential impairment across its asset groups throughout the year. This process is aligned with the requirements of ASC 360 and ASC 932, and relies, in part, on the Corporation’s planning and budgeting cycle.
Because the lifespans of the vast majority of the Corporation’s major assets are measured in decades, the future cash flows of these assets are predominantly based on long-term oil and natural gas commodity prices and industry margins, development costs, and production costs. Significant reductions in the Corporation’s view of oil or natural gas commodity prices or margin ranges, especially the longer-term prices and margins, and changes in the development plans, including decisions to defer, reduce, or eliminate planned capital spending, can be an indicator of potential impairment. Other events or changes in circumstances, including indicators outlined in ASC 360, can be indicators of potential impairment as well.
In general, the Corporation does not view temporarily low prices or margins as an indication of impairment. Management believes that prices over the long term must be sufficient to generate investments in energy supply to meet global demand. Although prices will occasionally drop significantly, industry prices over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply and demand