although the stock is traded on other exchanges in and outside the United States.
There were 287,749 registered shareholders of ExxonMobil common stock at December 31, 2024. At January 31, 2025, the registered shareholders of ExxonMobil common stock numbered
286,233.
On January 31, 2025, the Corporation declared a $0.99 dividend per common share, payable March 10, 2025.
Reference is made to
Item 12
in Part III of this report.
During the fourth quarter, the Corporation did not issue or sell any unregistered equity securities.
Reference is made to the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the Financial Section of this report.
Reference is made to the section entitled “
Market Risks
” in the Financial Section of this report. All statements, other than historical information incorporated in this Item 7A, are forward-looking statements. The actual impact of future market changes could differ materially due to, among other things, factors discussed in this report.
27
Reference is made to the following in the Financial Section of this report:
•
Consolidated financial statements
, together with the report thereon of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PCAOB ID
238
) dated February 19, 2025, beginning with the section entitled “
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
” and continuing through
Note 21
;
•
“
Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities
” (unaudited); and
•
“
Frequently Used Terms
” (unaudited).
Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.
None.
Management’s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As indicated in the certifications in Exhibit 31 of this report, the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer have evaluated the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2024. Based on that evaluation, these officers have concluded that the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Corporation in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and communicated to them in a manner that allows for timely decisions regarding required disclosures and are effective in ensuring that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Management, including the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Corporation’s financial reporting. Management conducted an evaluation of the