consolidated. However, certain factors may indicate that a majority-owned investment is not controlled and, therefore, should be accounted for using the equity method of accounting. These factors occur where the minority shareholders are granted, by law or by contract, substantive participating rights. These include the right to approve operating policies, expense budgets, financing and investment plans, and management compensation and succession plans.
Investments accounted for by the equity method are assessed for possible impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an investment may not be recoverable. Examples of key indicators include a history of operating losses, negative earnings and cash flow outlook, significant downward revisions to oil and gas reserves, and the financial condition and prospects for the investee’s business segment or geographic region. If the decline in value of the investment is other than temporary, the carrying value of the investment is written down to fair value. In the absence of market prices for the investment, discounted cash flows are used to assess fair value. The Corporation’s share of the cumulative foreign exchange translation adjustment for equity method investments is reported in “Accumulated other comprehensive income”.
Investments in equity securities, other than consolidated subsidiaries and equity method investments, are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The Corporation uses the modified approach for equity securities that do not have a readily determinable fair value. This modified approach measures investments at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions in a similar investment of the same issuer.
Revenue Recognition
The Corporation generally sells crude oil, natural gas, and petroleum and chemical products under short-term agreements at prevailing market prices. In some cases (e.g., natural gas), products may be sold under long-term agreements, with periodic price adjustments to reflect market conditions. Revenue is recognized at the amount the Corporation expects to receive when the customer has taken control, which is typically when title transfers and the customer has assumed the risks and rewards of ownership. The prices of certain sales are based on price indices that are sometimes not available until the next period. In such cases, estimated realizations are accrued when the sale is recognized, and are finalized when the price is available. Such adjustments to revenue from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods are not significant. Payment for revenue transactions is typically due within 30 days. Future volume delivery obligations that are unsatisfied at the end of the period are expected to be fulfilled through ordinary production or purchases. These performance obligations are based on market prices at the time of