assumptions used for evaluating investments and sets operating and capital objectives. The Global Outlook (Outlook), developed annually, is the foundation for the Corporate Plan assumptions. Price ranges for crude oil and natural gas, including price differentials, refinery and chemical margins, volumes, development and operating costs, including greenhouse gas emissions pricing, and foreign currency exchange rates are part of the Corporate Plan assumptions developed annually. Corporate Plan volume projections are based on individual field production profiles, which are also updated at least annually. Major investment opportunities are evaluated over a range of potential market conditions. All major investments are reappraised to ensure we learn from our decisions, and the development and execution of the project. Lessons learned are incorporated in future projects.
40
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
Long-Term Business Outlook
ExxonMobil’s business planning is underpinned by a deep understanding of long-term market fundamentals. These fundamentals include supply and demand trends; the scale and variety of energy needs worldwide; capability, practicality, and affordability of energy alternatives, including lower-carbon solutions; greenhouse gas emission-reduction technologies; and relevant government policies. The Outlook considers these fundamentals to form the basis for the Company’s long-term business planning, investment decisions, and research programs. The Outlook reflects the Company’s view of global energy demand and supply through 2050. It is a projection based on current trends in technology, government policies, consumer preferences, geopolitics, and economic development.
In addition, ExxonMobil considers a range of scenarios - including remote scenarios - to help inform perspective of the future and enhance strategic thinking over time. Included in the range of these scenarios are the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Likely Below 2°C scenarios and three scenarios from the International Energy Agency (IEA): IEA Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS), which reflects a sector-by-sector assessment of current policy in place or announced by governments; IEA Announced Pledges Scenario (APS), which reflects aspirational government targets met on time and in full; and IEA Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZE), which the IEA describes as extremely challenging, acknowledging that society is not currently on the IEA NZE pathway. No single transition pathway can be reasonably predicted, given the wide range of uncertainties. Key unknowns include yet-to-be-developed or changes in developed government policies, market conditions, and advances in technology that may influence the cost, pace, and potential availability of certain pathways. Scenarios that employ a full complement of technology options are likely to provide the most economically efficient pathways.