support from governments and private participants throughout the global economy. Our ability to develop and deploy CCS and other new energy technologies at commercial scale, and the growth and future returns of LCS and other emerging businesses in which we invest, will depend in part on the continued development of stable and supportive government policies and markets. Failure or delay of these policies or markets to materialize or be maintained could adversely impact these investments. Policy and other actions that result in restricting the availability of hydrocarbon products without a commensurate reduction in demand may have unpredictable adverse effects, including increased commodity price volatility; periods of significantly higher commodity prices and resulting inflationary pressures; and local or regional energy shortages. Such effects in turn may depress economic growth or lead to rapid or conflicting shifts in policy by different actors, with resulting adverse effects on our businesses. In addition, the existence of supportive policies in any jurisdiction is not a guarantee that those policies will continue in the future. See also the discussion of “Supply and Demand,” “Government and Political Factors,” and “Operational and Other Factors” in this Item 1A.
Operational and Other Factors
In addition to external economic and political factors, our future business results also depend on our ability to successfully manage those factors that are, at least in part, within our control, including our capital allocation into existing and new businesses. The extent to which we manage these factors will impact our performance relative to competition. For projects in which we are not the operator, we depend on the management effectiveness of one or more co-venturers whom we do not control.
Exploration and development program.
Our ability to maintain and grow our oil and gas production depends on the success of our exploration and development efforts. Among other factors, we must continuously improve our ability to identify the most promising resource prospects and apply our project management expertise to bring discovered resources online as scheduled and within budget.
Project and portfolio management.
The long-term success of ExxonMobil’s Upstream and Product Solutions businesses, as well as the future success of LCS and other emerging investments, depends on complex, long-term, capital-intensive projects. These projects in turn require a high degree of project management expertise to maximize efficiency. Specific factors that can affect the performance of major projects include our ability to: negotiate successfully with joint venturers, partners, governments, suppliers, customers, or others; protect and enforce our contractual and legal rights, including with our joint venture partners; model and optimize reservoir performance; develop markets for project outputs, whether through long-term contracts or the development of effective spot markets;