of legal proceedings against several oil and gas companies, including ExxonMobil, requesting unprecedented legal and equitable relief for various alleged injuries purportedly connected to climate change. These lawsuits assert a variety of novel, untested claims under statutory and common law. Additional such lawsuits may be filed. We believe the legal and factual theories set forth in these proceedings are meritless and represent an inappropriate attempt to use the court system to usurp the proper role of policymakers in addressing the societal challenges of climate change.
Local governments in Louisiana have filed unprecedented legal proceedings against a number of oil and gas companies, including ExxonMobil, requesting compensation for the restoration of coastal marsh erosion in the state. We believe the factual and legal theories set forth in these proceedings are meritless.
While the outcome of any litigation can be unpredictable, we believe the likelihood is remote that the ultimate outcomes of these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the Corporation’s operations, financial condition, or financial statements taken as a whole. We will continue to defend vigorously against these claims.
Other Contingencies.
The Corporation and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries were contingently liable at December 31, 2024, for guarantees relating to notes, loans and performance under contracts. Where guarantees for environmental remediation and other similar matters do not include a stated cap, the amounts reflect management’s estimate of the maximum potential exposure. Where it is not possible to make a reasonable estimation of the maximum potential amount of future payments, future performance is expected to be either immaterial or have only a remote chance of occurrence.
Additionally, the Corporation and its affiliates have numerous long-term sales and purchase commitments in their various business activities, all of which are expected to be fulfilled with no adverse consequences material to the Corporation’s operations or financial condition.
101
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 17.
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
The benefit obligations and plan assets associated with the Corporation’s principal benefit plans are measured on December 31.
For selection of the discount rate for U.S. plans, several sources of information are considered, including interest rate market indicators and the effective discount rate determined by use of a yield curve based on high-quality, noncallable bonds applied to the estimated cash outflows for benefit payments. For major non-U.S. plans, the discount rate is determined by using a spot yield curve of high-quality, local-currency-denominated bonds at an average maturity approximating that of the liabilities.
The measurement of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation assumes a health care cost trend rate of
4.0
percent in
2026
and subsequent years.
102
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED