2050 – about two thirds of current consumption.
Our Outlook shows oil production declines at a rate of about 15 percent per year. At that rate, in the absence of continued investment, by 2030 oil supplies would fall from 100 million barrels per day to less than 30 million barrels, more than 70 million barrels per day short of what is needed to meet demand. Limiting investment to only existing fields would slow the decline to about 4 percent; however, this would still be well below the oil demand in the IEA APS and average of IPCC Likely Below 2°C scenarios.
To meet projected demand, the Corporation anticipates that the world’s available oil and gas resource base will grow, not only from new discoveries, but also from increases in previously discovered fields. Technology will underpin these increases. The investments to develop and supply resources to meet global demand through 2050 will be significant and would be needed to meet even rapidly declining demand for oil and gas envisioned in aggressive decarbonization scenarios.
International accords and underlying regional and national regulations covering greenhouse gas emissions continue to evolve with uncertain timing and outcome, making it difficult to predict their business impact. For many years, the Corporation has taken into account policies established to reduce energy-related greenhouse gas emissions in its long-term Outlook. The climate accord reached at the 2015 Conference of the Parties (COP 21) in Paris set many new goals, and many related policies are still emerging. Our Outlook reflects an environment with increasingly stringent climate policies and seeks to identify potential impacts of these climate-related government policies, which often target specific sectors. For purposes of the Outlook, a proxy cost on energy-related CO2 emissions is assumed, based on regional considerations and relative levels of economic development, and by 2050, reaches up to $150 per metric ton for OECD nations and up to $100 per metric ton for non-OECD nations. As people and nations look for ways to reduce risks of global climate change, they will continue to need practical solutions that do not jeopardize the affordability or reliability of the energy they need. The Corporation continues to monitor the updates to the Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) that are submitted by nations that are signatories to the Paris Agreement, as well as other policy developments in light of net-zero ambitions formulated by some nations.
The information provided in the Outlook includes ExxonMobil’s internal estimates and projections based upon internal data and analyses as well as publicly available information from external sources including the International Energy Agency.
44
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Progress Reducing Emissions
The Corporation’s strategy seeks to maximize the advantages of our scale, business integration, leading technology, execution