billion from its divestment activities. This included the sale of the Santa Ynez Unit and associated facilities in California, Mobil Producing Nigeria Unlimited, ExxonMobil Exploration Argentina, the Fos-sur-Mer Refinery (France), the Adriatic LNG terminal (Italy), and certain conventional and unconventional assets in the United States, as well as other smaller divestments.
In 2023, the Corporation realized proceeds of approximately $
4.1
billion and recognized net after-tax earnings of approximately $
0.6
billion from its divestment activities. This included the sale of the Aera Energy joint venture, Esso Thailand Ltd., the Billings Refinery, certain unconventional assets in the United States, as well as other smaller divestments.
In 2022, the Corporation realized proceeds of approximately $
5.2
billion and recognized net after-tax earnings of approximately $
0.4
billion from its divestment activities. This included the sale of certain unproved assets in Romania and unconventional assets in Canada and the United States, as well as other smaller divestments.
117
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 21.
Mergers and Acquisitions
Pioneer Natural Resources Company
On May 3, 2024, the Corporation acquired Pioneer, an independent oil and gas exploration and production company. In connection with the acquisition, we issued
545
million shares of ExxonMobil common stock having a fair value of $
63
billion on the acquisition date, and assumed debt with a fair value of $
5
billion.
The transaction was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805, which requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date.
The following table summarizes the provisional fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
118
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Debt Assumed in the Merger
The following table presents long-term debt assumed at closing:
Actual and Pro Forma Impact of Merger
The following table presents revenues and earnings included in the Consolidated Statement of Income for Pioneer since the acquisition date (May 3, 2024) through December 31, 2024:
The following table presents unaudited pro forma information for the Corporation as if the merger with Pioneer had occurred at the beginning of January 1, 2023:
The historical financial information was adjusted to give effect to the pro forma events that were directly attributable to the merger and factually supportable. The unaudited pro forma consolidated results are not necessarily indicative of what the consolidated results of operations actually would have been had the merger been completed on January 1, 2023. In addition, the unaudited pro forma consolidated results reflect pro forma adjustments primarily related to conforming Pioneer's accounting policies to ExxonMobil, additional depreciation expense related to the fair value adjustment of the acquired property, plant and equipment, our capital