transportation of the gas, a 15.6 million metric tons per year LNG facility, and a 280 million cubic feet per day
18
domestic gas plant located on Barrow Island, Western Australia. During the year, operations began on the Gorgon Stage 2 project and development activities continued on the Jansz Io Compression project.
Papua New Guinea
Net acreage totaled 1.6 million onshore acres at year-end 2024. During the year, a total of 1 net development wells were completed. The Papua New Guinea (PNG) liquefied natural gas (LNG) integrated development includes gas production and processing facilities in the PNG Highlands, onshore and offshore pipelines, and a 6.9 million metric tons per year LNG facility near Port Moresby.
Exploration activities were under way in several countries in which ExxonMobil has no established production operations and thus are not included above. Net acreage totaled 15.7 million acres at year-end 2024. During the year, a total of a 0.5 net exploratory well was completed.
6. Delivery Commitments
ExxonMobil sells crude oil and natural gas from its producing operations under a variety of contractual obligations, some of which may specify the delivery of a fixed and determinable quantity for periods longer than one year. ExxonMobil also enters into natural gas sales contracts where the source of the natural gas used to fulfill the contract can be a combination of our own production and the spot market. Worldwide, we are contractually committed to deliver approximately 123 million barrels of oil and 2.8 trillion cubic feet of natural gas for the period from 2025 through 2027. We expect to fulfill the majority of these delivery commitments with production from our proved developed reserves. Any remaining commitments will be fulfilled with production from our proved undeveloped reserves and purchases on the open market as necessary.
7. Oil and Gas Properties, Wells, Operations and Acreage
A. Gross and Net Productive Wells
There were 25,610 gross and 22,837 net operated wells at year-end 2024 and 18,518 gross and 16,171 net operated wells at year-end 2023. The number of wells with multiple completions was 434 gross in 2024 and 467 gross in 2023.
19
B. Gross and Net Developed Acreage
Separate acreage data for oil and gas are not maintained because, in many instances, both are produced from the same acreage.
C. Gross and Net Undeveloped Acreage
ExxonMobil’s investment in developed and undeveloped acreage is comprised of numerous concessions, blocks, and leases. The terms and conditions under which the Corporation maintains exploration and/or production rights to the acreage are property-specific, contractually defined, and vary significantly from property to property. Work programs are designed to ensure that the exploration potential of any property is fully evaluated before expiration. In some instances, the Corporation may elect to relinquish acreage in advance of the contractual expiration date if the evaluation process is complete and