mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes
☐
No ☑
The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 28, 2024, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the closing price on that date of $115.12 on the New York Stock Exchange composite tape, was in excess of $
511
billion.
Documents Incorporated by Reference:
Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (Part III)
PART I
Exxon Mobil Corporation was incorporated in the State of New Jersey in 1882. Divisions and affiliated companies of ExxonMobil operate or market products in the United States and most other countries of the world. Our principal business involves exploration for, and production of, crude oil and natural gas; manufacture, trade, transport and sale of crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals, and a wide variety of specialty products; and pursuit of lower-emission and other new business opportunities, including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, lower-emission fuels, Proxxima
TM
systems, carbon materials, and lithium. Affiliates of ExxonMobil conduct extensive research programs in support of these businesses.
Exxon Mobil Corporation's divisions and affiliates have many names, including
ExxonMobil
,
Exxon
,
Esso, Mobil
or
XTO
. For convenience and simplicity, in this report the terms
ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso, Mobil, and XTO
, as well as terms like
Corporation
,
Company
,
our
,
we,
and
its
, are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific affiliates or groups of affiliates. The precise meaning depends on the context in question.
On May 3, 2024, the Corporation acquired Pioneer Natural Resources Company (Pioneer), an independent oil and gas exploration and production company. With reference to the acquisition, we issued 545 million shares of ExxonMobil common stock having a fair value of $63 billion on the acquisition date, and assumed debt with a fair value of $5 billion. The acquisition transforms ExxonMobil’s upstream portfolio, creating an industry-leading, high-quality U.S. unconventional inventory position. For additional information, see
Note 21
in the Financial Section of this report.
The energy and petrochemical industries are highly competitive, both within the industries and also with other industries in supplying the energy, fuel, and chemical needs of industrial and individual consumers. Certain industry participants, including ExxonMobil, are expanding investments in lower-emission energy and emission-reduction services and technologies. The Corporation competes with other firms in the sale or purchase of needed goods and services in many national and international markets and employs all methods of competition which are lawful and appropriate for such purposes.
Operating data and industry segment information for the Corporation are contained in the Financial Section of this report