operating organization. Primary responsibilities of this group include oversight of the reserves estimation process for compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations, review of annual changes in reserves estimates, and the reporting of ExxonMobil’s proved reserves. This group also maintains the official company reserves estimates for ExxonMobil’s proved reserves of crude oil, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. In addition, the group provides training to personnel involved in the reserves estimation and reporting process within ExxonMobil and its affiliates. The current Global Reserves and Resources Manager has more than 30 years of experience in reservoir engineering and reserves assessment, has a degree in Engineering, and serves on the Oil and Gas Reserves Committee of the Society of Petroleum Engineers. The group is staffed with individuals that have an average of more than 15 years of technical experience in the petroleum industry, including expertise in the classification and categorization of reserves under SEC guidelines. This group includes individuals who hold degrees in either Engineering or Geology.
The Global Reserves and Resources group maintains a central database containing the official company reserves estimates. Appropriate controls, including limitations on database access and update capabilities, are in place to ensure data integrity within this central database. An annual review of the system’s controls is performed by internal audit. Key components of the reserves estimation process include technical evaluations, commercial and market assessments, analysis of well and field performance, and long-standing approval guidelines. No changes may be made to the reserves estimates in the central database, including additions of any new initial reserves estimates or subsequent revisions, unless these changes have been thoroughly reviewed and evaluated by duly authorized geoscience and engineering professionals within the operating organization. In addition, changes to reserves estimates that exceed certain thresholds require further review and approval by the appropriate level of management within the operating organization before the changes may be made in the central database. Endorsement by the Global Reserves and Resources group for all proved reserves changes is a mandatory component of this review process. After all changes are made, reviews are held with senior management for final endorsement.
9
2. Proved Undeveloped Reserves
At year-end 2024, approximately 7.4 billion oil-equivalent barrels (GOEB) of ExxonMobil’s proved reserves were classified as proved undeveloped. This represents 37 percent of the 19.9 GOEB reported in proved reserves. This compares to 6.3 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves reported at the end of 2023. During the year, ExxonMobil conducted development activities that resulted in the transfer of approximately 1.1 GOEB from proved undeveloped to