strikes or protests, and other local security concerns. Such concerns may be directed specifically at our company, our industry, or as part of broader movements and may require us to incur greater costs for security or to shut down operations for a period of time.
Climate Change and the Energy Transition
Net-zero scenarios.
Driven by concern over the risks of climate change, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to report on or reduce greenhouse gas emissions, including emissions from the production and use of oil and gas and their products, as well as increase the use of or support for different emission-reduction technologies. These actions are being taken both independently by national and regional governments and within the framework of United Nations Conference of the Parties summits under which many countries of the world have endorsed objectives to reduce the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide (CO2) over the coming decades, with an ambition ultimately to achieve “net zero”. Net zero means that emissions of greenhouse gases from human activities would be balanced by actions that remove such gases from the atmosphere. Expectations for transition of the world’s energy system to lower-emission sources, and ultimately net-zero, derive from hypothetical scenarios that reflect many assumptions about the future, including supportive policy and technology advancements, and reflect substantial uncertainties. The Company’s objective to play a leading role in the energy transition, including the Company’s announced ambition ultimately to achieve net zero with respect to Scope 1 and 2 emissions from operations with continued technology development and government policy support where ExxonMobil is the operator, carries risks that the transition, including underlying technologies, government policies, and markets as discussed in more detail below, will not be available or develop at the pace or in the manner expected by current net-zero scenarios. The success of our strategy for the energy transition will also depend on our ability to recognize key signposts of changes in the global energy system on a timely basis, and our corresponding ability to direct investment to the technologies and businesses, at the appropriate stage of development, to best capitalize on our competitive strengths.
Greenhouse gas restrictions.
Government actions intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions include adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, carbon accounting, carbon-based import duties or other trade tariffs, minimum renewable usage requirements, restrictive permitting, increased mileage and other efficiency standards, mandates for sales of electric vehicles, restrictions on sales of gasoline-only vehicles, mandates for use of specific fuels or technologies, and other incentives or mandates designed to support certain technologies for transitioning to lower-emission energy sources. Political and