discovery area.
Nigeria
Exploration and production activities are governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs) with the national oil company, the Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited (NNPCL). NNPCL typically holds the underlying license or lease. The terms of the PSCs are generally 30 years (comprised of a 10-year exploration period and a 20-year production period).
The 2021 Petroleum Industry Act will govern any further renewals to the term of the PSCs, licenses, or leases.
Azerbaijan
The production sharing agreement (PSA) for the development of the Azeri-Chirag-Gunashli field was established for an initial period of 30 years starting from the PSA execution date in 1994. The PSA was amended in September 2017 to extend the term by 25 years to 2049.
Indonesia
Exploration and production activities in Indonesia are generally governed by cooperation contracts, usually in the form of a production sharing contract (PSC). The current PSCs have an exploration period of six years, which can be extended once for a period of four years with a total contract period of 30 years including an exploitation period. PSC terms can be extended for a maximum of 20 years for each extension with the approval of the government.
Kazakhstan
Onshore exploration and production activities are governed by the production license, which includes exploration activities and joint venture agreements negotiated with the Republic of Kazakhstan. Existing production operations have a 40-year production period that commenced in 1993.
Offshore exploration and production activities are governed by a production sharing agreement negotiated with the Republic of Kazakhstan. The exploration period is six years followed by separate appraisal periods for each discovery. The production period for each discovery, which includes development, is 20 years from the date of declaration of commerciality with the possibility of two 10-year extensions.
Malaysia
Production activities are governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs) negotiated with the national oil company. The PSCs have production terms of 25 years. Extensions are generally subject to the national oil company’s prior written approval.
22
Qatar
The State of Qatar grants gas production development project rights to develop and supply gas from the offshore North Field to permit the economic development and production of gas reserves sufficient to satisfy the gas and LNG sales obligations of these projects. The initial terms for these rights generally extend for 25 years. Extensions and terms are subject to State of Qatar approval.
Thailand
The Petroleum Act of 1971 allows production under ExxonMobil’s concessions for 30 years with a 10-year extension at terms generally prevalent at the time.
United Arab Emirates
An interest in the development and production activities of the offshore Upper Zakum field was acquired in 2006. In 2017, the governing agreements were extended to 2051.
Australia
Exploration and production activities