excellence, and our people to build globally competitive businesses that lead industry in earnings and cash flow growth across a range of future scenarios. We strive to play a leading role, regardless of how an energy transition unfolds. Across our portfolio of opportunities, we retain investment flexibility to maximize shareholder value. With advancements in technology and clear, consistent, stable, and effective government policies, we aim to achieve net-zero Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions in our operated assets by 2050. Our net-zero ambition is backed by a comprehensive approach centered on detailed emission-reduction roadmaps for our major operated assets that were completed in 2022. The roadmaps build on the Company’s 2030 emission-intensity reduction plans and, notably, include reaching net-zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions in our heritage Permian Basin
(1)
unconventional operated assets by 2030, and by 2035 for Pioneer assets. We continue to update the roadmaps, including to account for portfolio changes, to reflect technology and policy, and to account for the many potential pathways, and the pace of an energy transition.
Compared to 2016 levels, our 2030 plans are expected to drive the following reductions:
•
20-30 percent reduction in corporate-wide greenhouse gas intensity;
•
70-80 percent reduction in corporate-wide methane intensity;
•
40-50 percent reduction in upstream greenhouse gas intensity; and
•
60-70 percent reduction in corporate-wide flaring intensity.
Our emission-reduction plans and 2050 net-zero ambition cover Scope 1 and 2 emissions from assets we operate, which now include Pioneer and Denbury.
The Corporation plans to continue to pursue advantaged growth opportunities and lower-emission investments. These investments are targeted at reducing emissions in the Company’s operations as well as reducing the emissions of other companies. At this early stage, stable and supportive policy remains critical to enable emissions reductions, advance technology, and drive scale to improve costs.
ExxonMobil’s Low Carbon Solutions business is working with the Product Solutions and Upstream businesses to grow a pipeline of emission-reduction opportunities in carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, lower-emission fuels, Proxxima
TM
systems, and carbon materials, as well as lithium to supply the global battery and electric vehicle markets. Our customers, many governments, and strategic partners recognize our combination of experience, skills, and capabilities that have the potential to help reduce emissions for ourselves and others. For example, on the U.S. Gulf Coast, we see an opportunity to create a carbon capture and storage business that will enable industrial customers to reduce their emissions. The acquisition of Denbury expanded our capabilities in this area, providing ExxonMobil with the largest owned and operated network of CO2 pipelines in the United States, including more than 900 miles of pipelines and multiple CO2 storage