there is not a business basis for extension. In cases where additional time may be required to fully evaluate acreage, the Corporation has generally been successful in obtaining extensions. The scheduled expiration of leases and concessions for undeveloped acreage over the next three years is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the Corporation.
20
D. Summary of Acreage Terms
Oil and gas exploration and production rights are acquired from mineral interest owners through a lease. Mineral interest owners include the Federal and State governments, as well as private mineral interest owners. Leases typically have a primary term ranging from one to 10 years, and a production period beyond the primary term that normally remains in effect until production ceases. Under certain circumstances, a lease may be held beyond its primary term even if production has not commenced. In some instances a “fee interest” is acquired in private property where the underlying mineral interests and rights are purchased and owned outright.
Canada
Exploration licenses or leases in onshore areas are acquired for varying periods of time with renewals or extensions possible. These licenses or leases entitle the holder to continue existing licenses or leases upon completing specified work. In general, these license and lease agreements are held as long as there is proven production capability on the licenses and leases. Offshore exploration licenses are generally held by work commitments of various amounts and rentals. Offshore production licenses are valid for 25 years, with rights of extension for continued production. Significant discovery licenses in the offshore relating to currently undeveloped discoveries do not have a definite term.
Argentina
The Federal Hydrocarbon Law was amended in 2014 and in 2024. Pursuant to the amended law, the production term for an onshore unconventional concession is 35 years and 25 years for a conventional concession. ExxonMobil is actively taking steps to exit Upstream operations in the country.
Brazil
The exploration and production of oil and gas are governed by concession contracts and production sharing contracts (PSCs). Concession contracts provide for an exploration period of up to eight years and a production period of 27 years. PSCs provide for an exploration period of up to seven years and a production period of up to 28 years.
Guyana
The Petroleum Activities Act 2023 authorizes the Government of Guyana to license and enter petroleum agreements for petroleum exploration, development, production, and storage operations. The Act enables petroleum agreements to provide for an exploration period to be established by subsidiary legislation by the Minister (typically up to 10 years) and provide for a production period of 20 years for an oil field and 30 years for a gas field, each with a renewal period of up to 10 years.
Germany
Exploration concessions are granted for an initial maximum period of five years, with an unlimited