Papua New Guinea (PNG), marking completion of the Angore project and additional supply to support LNG export from the PNG LNG joint venture. In Mozambique, the Rovuma LNG project began the front-end engineering and design stage in 2024, in support of a final investment decision in 2026, to develop the Area 4 offshore gas resources. Construction continues on the Golden Pass LNG project with Train 1 mechanical completion and first LNG production expected at the end of 2025.
(1)
H
eritage Permian Basin assets exclude assets acquired as part of the acquisition of Pioneer that closed May 3, 2024.
47
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Upstream Financial Results
Price
– Price impacts decreased earnings by $1,250 million, driven by lower gas realizations.
Advantaged Volume Growth – Higher volumes from advantaged projects increased earnings by $3,760 million, as a result of record production in Permian, driven by the Pioneer acquisition and growth in the heritage Permian
(2)
, and record production in Guyana driven by the Prosperity FPSO start-up.
Base Volume – Divestments of non-strategic assets and entitlements decreased earnings by $820 million.
Structural Cost Savings – Increased earnings by $830 million.
Expenses – Higher expenses decreased earnings by $1,350 million, primarily from higher depreciation (non-cash).
Other – All other items increased earnings by $120 million, mainly driven by favorable impacts from divestments, partially offset by unfavorable tax and foreign exchange impacts.
Timing Effects – Less unfavorable timing effects from derivatives mark-to-market impacts increased earnings by $280 million.
Identified Items
(1)
–
2023 $(2,301) million loss primarily due to the impairment of the idled Santa Ynez Unit assets and associated facilities in California; 2024 $215 million gain mainly due to Argentina divestment, partly offset by Nigeria divestment and U.S. impairment.
(1)
Refer to
Frequently Used Terms
for definition of Identified Items and Earnings (loss) excluding Identified Items.
(2)
H
eritage Permian Basin assets exclude assets acquired as part of the acquisition of Pioneer that closed May 3, 2024.
48
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Price
– Lower realizations decreased earnings by $14,290 million, reflecting lower gas prices and crude price moderation resulting from increased inventory levels.
Advantaged Volume Growth – Higher volumes from advantaged assets increased earnings by $1,270 million, driven by Guyana and Permian production.
.
Base Volume – Base volumes decreased earnings by $800 million as a results of divestments, the Russia expropriation, and higher government-mandated curtailments.
Structural Cost Savings – Increased earnings by $730 million.
Expenses – Higher expenses decreased earnings by $650 million, primarily on increased activity and depreciation.
Other – All other items increased earnings by $320 million,