disclosure of certain types of government assistance not otherwise covered by authoritative accounting guidance. During 2022 to 2024, certain governments outside the United States provided payments which, individually and in aggregate, were immaterial to the Corporation's financial results. Among these are programs where governments endeavor to stabilize or cap fuel and energy costs for local consumers. To compensate producers who sell at the government-mandated prices, these governments provide reimbursements to the producers. In 2024 and 2023, such reimbursements were negligible as were any corresponding receivables associated with these programs. In 2022, these reimbursements totaled approximately $
1.5
billion before tax, which were reflected as reductions to the line captioned "
Crude oil and product purchases
" on the Consolidated Statement of Income. The terms and conditions of these programs, including their duration, vary by country. In the event that any of these programs are discontinued, the Corporation does not expect a significant impact to its financial results. Additionally, in connection with cap and trade programs in certain countries outside the United States, companies receive allowances from governments covering a specified level of emissions from facilities they operate. The terms of these programs vary by country. The Corporation records these allowances at a nominal amount, generally in "Inventories - Crude oil, products and merchandise" on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
87
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 4.
Other Comprehensive Income Information
88
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 5.
Cash Flow Information
The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows provides information about changes in cash and cash equivalents. Highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less when acquired are classified as cash equivalents.
In 2024, the Corporation completed the acquisition of Pioneer Natural Resources Company (Pioneer) through the issuance of
545
million shares of ExxonMobil common stock having a fair value of $
63
billion on the acquisition date and assumed debt with a fair value of $
5
billion. Additional information is provided in
Note 21
.
In 2023, the Corporation completed the acquisition of Denbury Inc. (Denbury) through the issuance of
46
million shares of ExxonMobil common stock having a fair value of $
4.8
billion on the acquisition date. Additional information is provided in
Note 21
.
In 2023, the Corporation completed the sale of Esso Thailand. The sale included cash proceeds as well as cash from debt that was issued to facilitate the sale, which was assumed by the buyer upon closing.
For 2024, the “Net (gain)/loss on asset sales” on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows includes before-tax amounts mainly from the sale of upstream assets in the United States, Argentina, and Nigeria
.
For 2023, the number includes before-tax amounts from the sale of upstream assets in the