and well below the 10-year range, as growing demand was met by continued capacity additions.
During 2025, the U.S. announced a variety of trade-related actions, including the imposition of tariffs on imports from several countries. In response, many countries announced their own retaliatory tariffs. Certain tariffs were paused for a period of time but have not been withdrawn. The global trade environment continues to be volatile. The likelihood of the U.S. or its trading partners resuming tariffs, imposing new or reciprocal tariffs, export restrictions, or other forms of trade-related sanctions is highly uncertain. Additionally, significant uncertainty exists as to what effects these actions will ultimately have on the Corporation, our suppliers and our customers, as well as on the overall macroeconomic environment. We continually monitor the global trade environment and work to mitigate potential impacts.
Selected Earnings Driver Definitions
The earnings drivers provide additional visibility into our business results. The Company evaluates these drivers periodically to determine if any enhancements may provide helpful insights to the market. Listed below are descriptions of the earnings drivers:
Advantaged Volume Growth.
Represents earnings impacts from change in volume/mix from advantaged assets, advantaged projects, and high-value products.
•
Advantaged Assets (Advantaged growth projects).
Includes Permian, Guyana, and LNG.
•
Advantaged Projects.
Includes capital projects and programs of work that contribute to Energy, Chemical, and/or Specialty Products segments that drive integration of segments/businesses, increase yield of higher value products, or deliver higher than average returns.
•
High-Value Products.
Includes performance products and lower-emission fuels. Performance products (performance chemicals, performance lubricants) refers to products that provide differentiated performance for multiple applications through enhanced properties versus commodity alternatives and bring significant additional value to customers and end-users.
Lower-emission fuels refers to fuels with lower life cycle emissions than conventional transportation fuels for gasoline, diesel and jet transport.
Base Volume.
Represents all volume/mix drivers not included in Advantaged Volume Growth defined above.
Structural Cost Savings.
Represents after-tax earnings effects of Structural Cost Savings as defined on
page
19
, including cash operating expenses related to divestments.
Expenses.
Represents all expenses otherwise not included in other earnings drivers.
Timing Effects.
Represents timing effects that are primarily related to unsettled derivatives (mark-to-market) and other earnings impacts driven by timing differences between the settlement of derivatives and their offsetting physical commodity realizations (due to LIFO inventory accounting).
17
Table of Contents
Earnings (loss) excluding Identified Items
(Non-GAAP)
Earnings (loss) excluding Identified Items