market participants. Hierarchy levels 1, 2, and 3 are terms for the priority of inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Hierarchy level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Hierarchy level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. Hierarchy level 3 inputs are inputs that are not observable in the market.
Inventories
Crude oil, products, and merchandise inventories are carried at the lower of current market value or cost (generally determined under the last-in, first-out method – LIFO). Inventory costs include expenditures and other charges (including depreciation) directly and indirectly incurred in bringing the inventory to its existing condition and location. Selling expenses and general and administrative expenses are reported as period costs and excluded from inventory cost. Inventories of materials and supplies are valued at cost or less.
Property, Plant, and Equipment
Cost Basis.
The Corporation uses the “successful efforts” method to account for its exploration and production activities. Under this method, costs are accumulated on a field-by-field basis. Costs incurred to purchase, lease, or otherwise acquire a property (whether unproved or proved) are capitalized when incurred. Exploratory well costs are carried as an asset when the well has found a sufficient quantity of reserves to justify its completion as a producing well and where the Corporation is making sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project. Exploratory well costs not meeting these criteria are charged to expense. Other exploratory expenditures, including geophysical costs and annual lease rentals, are expensed as incurred. Development costs, including costs of productive wells and development dry holes, are capitalized.
Interest costs incurred to finance expenditures during the construction phase of multiyear projects are capitalized as part of the historical cost of acquiring the constructed assets. The project construction phase commences with the development of the detailed engineering design and ends when the constructed assets are ready for their intended use. Capitalized interest costs are included in property, plant, and equipment and are depreciated over the service life of the related assets.
83
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Depreciation, Depletion, and Amortization.
Depreciation, depletion, and amortization are primarily determined under either the unit-of-production method or the straight-line method, which is based on estimated asset service life, taking obsolescence into consideration.
Acquisition costs of proved properties are amortized using a unit-of-production method, computed on the basis of total proved oil and natural gas reserve volumes. Capitalized exploratory drilling and development costs associated with productive