based on our corporate plan; however, actual investment levels will be subject to the availability of the opportunity set, public policy support, and focused on returns.
The term “project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports.
OVERVIEW
The following discussion and analysis of ExxonMobil’s financial results, as well as the accompanying financial statements and related notes to consolidated financial statements to which they refer, are the responsibility of the management of Exxon Mobil Corporation. The Corporation’s accounting and financial reporting fairly reflect its integrated business model involving exploration for, and production of, crude oil and natural gas; manufacture, trade, transport and sale of crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals, and a wide variety of specialty products; and pursuit of lower-emission and other new business opportunities, including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, lower-emission fuels, Proxxima
TM
systems, carbon materials, and lithium. ExxonMobil's reportable segments are Upstream, Energy Products, Chemical Products, and Specialty Products. Where applicable, ExxonMobil voluntarily discloses additional U.S., Non-U.S., and regional splits to help investors better understand the Company's operations.
The Company is organized along three businesses – Upstream, Product Solutions, and Low Carbon Solutions, aligning along market-focused value chains. Product Solutions consists of Energy Products, Chemical Products, and Specialty Products. Low Carbon Solutions is included in Corporate and Financing as the business continues to mature through commercialization and deployment of technology. The businesses are supported by centralized service-delivery groups, including Global Projects, Technology and Engineering, Global Operations and Sustainability, Global Trading, Supply Chain, and Global Business Solutions.
ExxonMobil, with its resource base, financial strength, disciplined investment approach and technology portfolio, is well-positioned to participate in substantial investments to develop new supplies of reliable and affordable lower-emission energy and other critical products. The Company’s integrated business model, with significant investments in Upstream, Energy Products, Chemical Products, and Specialty Products segments and Low Carbon Solutions businesses, generally reduces the Corporation’s risk from changes in commodity prices. While commodity prices depend on supply and demand and may be volatile on a short-term basis, ExxonMobil’s investment decisions are grounded on fundamentals reflected in our long-term business outlook, and use a disciplined approach in selecting and pursuing the most attractive investment opportunities which target a low cost of supply to ensure long-term competitiveness. The annual Corporate Plan process establishes the economic