Accounting Standards Board rules.
123
Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Costs (continued)
The amounts reported as costs incurred include both capitalized costs and costs charged to expense during the year. Costs incurred also include new asset retirement obligations established in the current year, as well as increases or decreases to the asset retirement obligation resulting from changes in cost estimates or abandonment date. Total consolidated costs incurred in 2024 were $105,094 million, up $84,142 million from 2023, due primarily to the Pioneer acquisition and higher development costs. In 2023, costs were $20,952 million, up $6,439 million from 2022, due primarily to higher development costs and the Denbury acquisition. Total equity company costs incurred in 2024 were $1,134 million, down $376 million from 2023, due to lower development costs.
124
Oil and Gas Reserves
The following information describes changes during the years and balances of proved oil and gas reserves at year-end 2022, 2023, and 2024.
The definitions used are in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Rule 4-10 (a) of Regulation S-X.
Proved oil and natural gas reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible – from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations – prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain. In some cases, substantial new investments in additional wells and related facilities will be required to recover these proved reserves.
In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) rules, the Corporation’s year-end reserves volumes, as well as the reserves change categories shown in the following tables, are required to be calculated on the basis of average prices during the 12-month period prior to the ending date of the period covered by this report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within such period. These reserves quantities are also used in calculating unit-of-production depreciation rates and in calculating the standardized measure of discounted net cash flows.
Revisions can include upward or downward changes in previously estimated volumes of proved reserves for existing fields due to the evaluation or re-evaluation of (1) already available geologic, reservoir or production data, (2) new geologic, reservoir or production data or (3) changes in the average of first-of-month oil and natural gas prices and/or costs that are used in the estimation of reserves. Revisions can also result from significant changes in either development strategy or production equipment/facility capacity.
Proved reserves include 100 percent of each majority-owned affiliate’s