under the following: “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations:
Business Results
” and
Note 18
. Information on oil and gas reserves is contained in the “
Oil and Gas Reserves
” part of the “Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities” portion of the Financial Section of this report.
ExxonMobil has a long-standing commitment to the development of proprietary technology. We have a wide array of research programs designed to meet the needs identified in each of our businesses. ExxonMobil held over 8 thousand active patents worldwide at the end of 2024. For technology licensed to third parties, revenues totaled approximately $102 million in 2024. Although technology is an important contributor to the overall operations and results of our Company, the profitability of each business segment is not dependent on any individual patent, trade secret, trademark, license, franchise, or concession.
ExxonMobil operates in a highly complex, competitive, and changing global energy business environment where decisions and risks play out over time horizons that are often decades in length. This long-term orientation underpins the Corporation's philosophy on talent development.
Talent development begins with recruiting exceptional candidates and continues with individually planned experiences and training designed to facilitate broad development and a deep understanding of our business across the business cycle. Our career-oriented approach to talent development results in strong retention and an average length of service of about 30 years for our career employees. Compensation, benefits, and workplace programs support the Corporation's talent management approach, and are designed to attract and retain employees for a career through compensation that is market competitive, long-term oriented, and highly differentiated by individual performance.
With over 60 percent of our global employees from outside the U.S. and 160 nationalities represented across the Company, we encourage and respect diversity of thought, ideas, and perspective from our workforce. We are focused on building an engaged, global workforce; grounded in meritocracy, we strive to have every employee reach their potential over a long-term career by providing unrivaled opportunities for personal and professional growth through impactful work meeting society's essential needs.
The number of regular employees was 61 thousand, 62 thousand, and 62 thousand at years ended 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Regular employees are defined as active executive, management, professional, technical, administrative, and wage employees who work full time or part time for the Corporation and are covered by the Corporation’s benefit plans and programs.
As discussed in
Item 1A
in this report, compliance with existing and potential future government regulations, including taxes, environmental regulations, and other government regulations