as Exhibit 19 to this report.
Incorporated by reference to the sections entitled “Director Compensation”, “Compensation Committee Report”, “Compensation Discussion and Analysis”, “Executive Compensation Tables”, “Pay Ratio”, and "Pay Versus Performance" of the registrant’s 2025 Proxy Statement.
29
The information required under Item 403 of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled “Certain Beneficial Owners” and “Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership” of the registrant’s 2025 Proxy Statement.
Incorporated by reference to the portion entitled “Director Independence” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance” and the portion entitled “Related Person Transactions and Procedures” of the section entitled “Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership” of the registrant’s 2025 Proxy Statement.
Incorporated by reference to the portion entitled “Audit Committee” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance” and the section entitled “Ratification of Independent Auditors” of the registrant’s 2025 Proxy Statement.
PART IV
(a)
(1) and (2) Financial Statements:
See
Table of Contents
of the Financial Section of this report.
(b)
(3) Exhibits:
See
Index to Exhibits
of this report.
None.
30
FINANCIAL SECTION
31
BUSINESS PROFILE
32
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
33
FREQUENTLY USED TERMS
Listed below are definitions of several of ExxonMobil’s key business and financial performance measures. These definitions are provided to facilitate understanding of the terms and their calculations.
Cash Flow from Operations and Asset Sales
(Non-GAAP)
Cash flow from operations and asset sales is the sum of the net cash provided by operating activities and proceeds from asset sales and returns of investments from the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. This cash flow reflects the total sources of cash both from operating the Corporation’s assets and from the divesting of assets. The Corporation employs a long-standing and regular disciplined review process to ensure that assets are contributing to the Corporation’s strategic objectives. Assets are divested when they are no longer meeting these objectives or are worth considerably more to others. Because of the regular nature of this activity, we believe it is useful for investors to consider proceeds associated with asset sales together with cash provided by operating activities when evaluating cash available for investment in the business and financing activities, including shareholder distributions.
Capital Employed
(Non-GAAP)
Capital employed is a measure of net investment. When viewed from the perspective of how the capital is used by the businesses, it includes ExxonMobil’s net share of property, plant and equipment and other assets less liabilities, excluding both short-term and long-term debt. When viewed from the perspective of the sources of capital employed in total for the Corporation, it includes ExxonMobil’s share of total debt and equity. Both of these views include ExxonMobil’s