the transaction and are fully constrained due to market price volatility.
Purchases and sales of inventory with the same counterparty that are entered into in contemplation of one another are combined and recorded as exchanges measured at the book value of the item sold.
“Sales and other operating revenue” and “Notes and accounts receivable” include revenue and receivables both within the scope of ASC 606 "Revenue from Contracts with Customers” and those outside the scope of ASC 606. Long-term receivables are primarily from receivables outside the scope of ASC 606. Contract assets are mainly from marketing assistance programs and are not significant. Contract liabilities are mainly customer prepayments and accruals of expected volume discounts and are not significant.
82
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Income and Other Taxes
The Corporation excludes from the Consolidated Statement of Income certain sales and value-added taxes imposed on and concurrent with revenue-producing transactions with customers and collected on behalf of governmental authorities. Similar taxes, for which the Corporation is not considered to be an agent for the government, are reported on a gross basis (included in both “Sales and other operating revenue” and “Other taxes and duties”).
The Corporation accounts for U.S. tax on global intangible low-taxed income as an income tax expense in the period in which it is incurred.
Derivative Instruments
The Corporation may use derivative instruments for trading purposes and to offset exposures associated with commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates that arise from existing assets, liabilities, firm commitments, and forecasted transactions. All derivative instruments, except those designated as normal purchase and normal sale, are recorded at fair value. Derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty are netted if the right of offset exists and certain other criteria are met. Collateral payables or receivables are netted against derivative assets and derivative liabilities, respectively.
Recognition and classification of the gain or loss that results from adjusting a derivative to fair value depends on the purpose for the derivative. All gains and losses from derivative instruments for which the Corporation does not apply hedge accounting are immediately recognized in earnings. The Corporation may designate derivatives as fair value or cash flow hedges. For fair value hedges, the gain or loss from derivative instruments and the offsetting gain or loss from the hedged item are recognized in earnings. For cash flow hedges, the gain or loss from the derivative instrument is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the forecasted transaction affects earnings.
Fair Value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between