production of 1.4 billion GOEB, asset sales of 0.2 GOEB primarily in the United States, and downward revisions of 0.4 GOEB. Additions to proved reserves include 1.1 GOEB from extensions and discoveries primarily in the United States and Guyana and 0.2 GOEB related to the Denbury acquisition.
The changes between 2022 year-end proved reserves and 2021 year-end proved reserves include worldwide production of 1.4 GOEB, asset sales of 0.4 GOEB primarily in the United States, and other downward revisions of 1.2 GOEB including the impact of the Russia expropriation (0.2 GOEB). Additions to proved reserves include 0.7 GOEB from purchases in Asia and 1.4 GOEB from extensions and discoveries primarily in the United States and Guyana.
125
126
127
128
129
130
131
Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Cash Flows
As required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows is computed by applying first-day-of-the-month average prices, year-end costs and legislated tax rates, and a discount factor of 10 percent to net proved reserves. The standardized measure includes costs for future dismantlement, abandonment, and rehabilitation obligations. The Corporation believes the standardized measure does not provide a reliable estimate of the Corporation’s expected future cash flows to be obtained from the development and production of its oil and gas properties or of the value of its proved oil and gas reserves. The standardized measure is prepared on the basis of certain prescribed assumptions, including first-day-of-the-month average prices, which represent discrete points in time and therefore may cause significant variability in cash flows from year to year as prices change.
132
133
Change in Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves
134
INDEX TO EXHIBITS
The registrant has not filed with this report copies of the instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the registrant and its subsidiaries for which consolidated or unconsolidated financial statements are required to be filed. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.
135
SIGNATURES
POWER OF ATTORNEY
136