United States.
For 2022, the number includes before-tax amounts from the sale of certain unproved assets in Romania and unconventional assets in Canada and the United States, as well as other smaller divestments. These net (gain)/loss amounts are reported in "Other income" on the Consolidated Statement of Income.
Note 6.
Additional Working Capital Information
Trade notes and accounts receivables include both receivables within the scope of ASC 606 and outside the scope of ASC 606. Receivables outside the scope of ASC 606 primarily relate to physically settled commodity contracts accounted for as derivatives. Credit quality and type of customer are generally similar between receivables within the scope of ASC 606 and those outside it.
The Corporation has short-term committed lines of credit of $
0.2
billion which were unused as of December 31, 2024. These lines of credit are available for general corporate purposes.
89
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 7.
Equity Company Information
The summarized financial information below includes amounts related to certain less-than-majority-owned companies and majority-owned subsidiaries where minority shareholders possess the right to participate in significant management decisions (see
Note 1
). These companies are primarily engaged in oil and gas exploration and production, natural gas marketing, transportation of crude oil, and petrochemical manufacturing in North America; natural gas production and distribution in Europe; LNG operations in Africa; and exploration, production, LNG operations, and the manufacture and sale of petroleum and petrochemical products in Asia and the Middle East. Also included are several refining and marketing ventures.
The share of total equity company revenues from sales to ExxonMobil consolidated companies was
9
percent,
9
percent, and
11
percent in the years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
The Corporation’s ownership in these ventures is in the form of shares in corporate joint ventures as well as interests in partnerships. Differences between the Company’s carrying value of an equity investment and its underlying equity in the net assets of the affiliate are assigned, to the extent practicable, to specific assets and liabilities based on the Company’s analysis of the factors giving rise to the difference. The amortization of this difference, as appropriate, is included in “Income from equity affiliates” on the Consolidated Statement of Income.
90
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
A list of significant equity companies as of December 31, 2024, together with the Corporation’s percentage ownership interest, is detailed below:
91
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 8.
Investments, Advances and Long-Term Receivables
Note 9.
Property, Plant and Equipment and Asset Retirement Obligations
In 2024, the Corporation identified situations where events or changes in circumstances indicated that the carrying value of certain long-lived assets may not