are significant, the Corporation discloses the nature of the contingency and, where feasible, an estimate of the possible loss. For purposes of our contingency disclosures, “significant” includes material matters, as well as other matters, which management believes should be disclosed.
State and local governments and other entities in various jurisdictions across the United States and its territories have filed a number of legal proceedings against several oil and gas companies, including ExxonMobil, requesting unprecedented legal and equitable relief for various alleged injuries purportedly connected to climate change. These lawsuits assert a variety of novel, untested claims under statutory and common law. Additional such lawsuits may be filed. We believe the legal and factual theories set forth in these proceedings are meritless and represent an inappropriate attempt to use the court system to usurp the proper role of policymakers in addressing the societal challenges of climate change.
Local governments in Louisiana have filed unprecedented legal proceedings against a number of oil and gas companies, including ExxonMobil, requesting compensation for the restoration of coastal marsh erosion in the state. We believe the factual and legal theories set forth in these proceedings are meritless.
While the outcome of any litigation can be unpredictable, we believe the likelihood is remote that the ultimate outcomes of these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the Corporation’s operations, financial condition, or financial statements taken as a whole. We will continue to defend vigorously against these claims.
Other Contingencies
The Corporation and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries were contingently liable at March 31, 2025, for guarantees relating to notes, loans and performance under contracts. Where guarantees for environmental remediation and other similar matters do not include a stated cap, the amounts reflect management’s estimate of the maximum potential exposure. Where it is not possible to make a reasonable estimation of the maximum potential amount of future payments, future performance is expected to be either immaterial or have only a remote chance of occurrence.
9
Table of Contents
Additionally, the Corporation and its affiliates have numerous long-term sales and purchase commitments in their various business activities, all of which are expected to be fulfilled with no adverse consequences material to the Corporation’s operations or financial condition.
Note 4. Other Comprehensive Income Information
10
Table of Contents
Note 5. Earnings Per Share
Note 6. Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
11
Table of Contents
Note 7. Financial Instruments and Derivatives
The estimated fair value of financial instruments and derivatives at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, and the related hierarchy level for the fair value measurement was as follows:
12
Table of Contents
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024,