2023, respectively, and are included in “Other long-term obligations” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Estimated cash payments in 2025 and 2026 are $
1,146
million and $
968
million, respectively.
93
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 10.
Accounting for Suspended Exploratory Well Costs
The Corporation continues capitalization of exploratory well costs when the well has found a sufficient quantity of reserves to justify its completion as a producing well and the Corporation is making sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project.
The term “project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports.
The following two tables provide details of the changes in the balance of suspended exploratory well costs, including an aging summary of those costs.
Exploration activity often involves drilling multiple wells, over a number of years, to fully evaluate a project. The table below provides a breakdown of the number of projects with only exploratory well costs capitalized for a period of one year or less and those that have had exploratory well costs capitalized for a period greater than one year.
Of the
24
projects that have exploratory well costs capitalized for a period greater than one year as of December 31, 2024,
11
projects have drilling in the preceding year or exploratory activity planned in the next two years, while the remaining
13
projects are those with completed exploratory activity. These projects are currently being progressed toward development, including evaluation to tie into existing infrastructure, awaiting capacity and aligning with the respective governments for development plans.
94
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 11.
Leases
The Corporation and its consolidated affiliates generally purchase the property, plant and equipment used in operations, but there are situations where assets are leased, primarily for drilling equipment, tankers, office buildings, railcars, and other moveable equipment.
Right of use assets and lease liabilities are established on the balance sheet for leases with an expected term greater than one year by discounting the amounts fixed in the lease agreement for the duration of the lease which is reasonably certain, considering the probability of exercising any early termination and extension options. The portion of the fixed payment related to service costs for drilling equipment, tankers, and finance leases is excluded from the calculation of right of use assets and lease liabilities.
Generally, assets are leased only for a portion of their useful lives and are accounted for as operating leases. In limited situations, assets are leased for nearly all of their useful lives and are accounted for as finance leases.
Variable payments under these lease agreements are not significant. Residual value guarantees,