of $32.2 billion in 2023 increased $0.7 billion from 2022.
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
Environmental Expenditures
Throughout ExxonMobil’s businesses, new and ongoing measures are taken to prevent and minimize the impact of our operations on air, water, and ground. These include significant investments in refining infrastructure and technology to manufacture clean fuels; projects to monitor and reduce air, water, and waste emissions, both from the Company’s operations and from other companies; and expenditures for asset retirement obligations. Using definitions and guidelines established by the American Petroleum Institute, ExxonMobil’s 2024 worldwide environmental expenditures for all such preventative and remediation steps, including ExxonMobil’s share of equity company expenditures, were $9.0 billion, of which $5.3 billion were included in expenses with the remainder in capital expenditures. As the Corporation progresses its emission-reduction plans, worldwide environmental expenditures are expected to increase to approximately $12 billion annually in 2025 and 2026, with capital expenditures expected to account for approximately 55 percent of the total in each year.
Environmental Liabilities
The Corporation accrues environmental liabilities when it is probable that obligations have been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. This policy applies to assets or businesses currently owned or previously disposed. ExxonMobil has accrued liabilities for probable environmental remediation obligations at various sites, including multiparty sites where the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has identified ExxonMobil as one of the potentially responsible parties. The involvement of other financially responsible companies at these multiparty sites could mitigate ExxonMobil’s actual joint and several liability exposure. At present, no individual site is expected to have losses material to ExxonMobil’s operations or financial condition. Consolidated company provisions made in 2024 for environmental liabilities were $277 million ($208 million in 2023), and the balance sheet reflects liabilities of $734 million as of December 31, 2024, and $701 million as of December 31, 2023.
66
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
MARKET RISKS
Crude oil, natural gas, petroleum product, and chemical prices have fluctuated in response to changing market forces. The impacts of these price fluctuations on earnings have varied across the Corporation's operating segments. For the year 2025, a $1 per barrel change in the Brent price would have an approximately $650 million annual after-tax effect on Upstream consolidated plus equity company earnings, excluding the impact of derivatives. This Brent sensitivity includes oil-linked LNG sales which make up approximately 10 percent of the sensitivity. A $0.10 per million metric British thermal unit change in the Henry Hub price would have an approximately $75 million annual