come online over the next few years providing additional production capacity. However, actual volumes will vary from year to year due to the timing of individual project start-ups, operational outages, reservoir performance, regulatory changes, the impact of fiscal and commercial terms, asset sales, weather events, price effects on production sharing contracts, changes in the amount and timing of capital investments that may vary depending on the oil and gas price environment, international trade patterns and relations, and other factors described in
Item 1A
.
In 2024, crude and gas prices were within the pre-COVID 10-year historical range (2010-2019). ExxonMobil believes prices over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply and demand, with the demand side largely being a function of general economic activities, levels of prosperity, technology advances, consumer preference, and government policies. On the supply side, prices may be significantly impacted by political events, the actions of OPEC or OPEC+ and other large government resource owners, alternative energy sources, and other factors.
Key Recent Events
Guyana:
Liza Destiny, Liza Unity and Prosperity floating production, storage and offloading (FPSO) vessels continued to produce above investment basis capacity in 2024. The combined gross production from the three operating vessels exceeded 615 thousand barrels of oil per day (kbd) in 2024 and exceeded 650 kbd in the fourth quarter of 2024. Yellowtail, Uaru and Whiptail, the fourth, fifth and sixth developments on the Stabroek Block, respectively, are progressing on schedule and each has an investment basis capacity of approximately 250 kbd. We announced plans for two additional developments and anticipate eight FPSO vessels will be in operation on the Stabroek Block by year-end 2030. We are working with the government of Guyana to secure regulatory approvals for the seventh project.
Permian:
ExxonMobil successfully closed the Pioneer Natural Resources Company (Pioneer) acquisition in May 2024, significantly increasing our Permian footprint. Total production volumes averaged approximately 1,185 thousand oil-equivalent barrels per day (koebd) in 2024, approximately 570 koebd higher than the previous year. ExxonMobil operations continue to deliver industry-leading capital efficiency and cost performance by leveraging scale, integration, and technology. Examples include deploying ExxonMobil cube design and proprietary proppant as well as leading capabilities and technology in drilling and completions. ExxonMobil remains on track to achieve industry-leading plans of Scope 1 and 2 net zero greenhouse gas emissions in the heritage Permian Basin
(1)
unconventional operated assets by 2030, and in Pioneer assets by 2035. ExxonMobil expects to roughly double production in the Permian Basin to approximately 2.3 Moebd by 2030.
LNG:
ExxonMobil continued work on LNG growth projects in 2024. Production commenced from two new gas wells in