limits from development altogether. Restrictions on production of oil and gas could increase to the extent governments view such measures as a viable approach for pursuing national and global energy and climate policies. Restrictions on foreign investment in the oil and gas sector tend to increase in times of high commodity prices or when national governments may have less need for outside sources of private capital. Many countries also restrict the import or export of certain products based on point of origin and such restrictions may increase during periods of escalating geopolitical or trade tensions.
Restrictions on doing business.
ExxonMobil is subject to laws and sanctions imposed by the United States and by other jurisdictions where we do business that may prohibit ExxonMobil or its affiliates from doing business in certain countries or with certain counterparties or restrict the kind of business that may be conducted, including acquiring and divesting certain assets or importing or exporting certain materials or products. Such restrictions may provide a competitive advantage to competitors who may not be subject to comparable restrictions.
Lack of legal certainty.
Some countries in which we do business lack well-developed legal systems, lack political or governmental stability, have not yet adopted or may be unable to maintain clear regulatory frameworks, or may have evolving and unharmonized standards that vary or conflict across jurisdictions. Lack of legal certainty exposes us to increased risk of adverse or unpredictable actions by government officials, may reduce our ability to comply timely or cost-effectively with evolving standards or requirements, and also makes it more difficult for us to enforce our contracts. In some cases, these risks can be partially offset by agreements to arbitrate disputes in an international forum, but the adequacy of this remedy may still depend on the local legal system to enforce an award.
Regulatory and litigation risks.
Even in countries with well-developed legal systems where ExxonMobil does business, we remain exposed to changes in law or interpretation of settled law, including changes that result from international treaties and accords or changes by local jurisdictions encroaching on national regulatory frameworks or global issues, and changes in policy that could adversely affect our results, such as:
•
increases or changes in taxes, duties, or government royalty rates, including retroactive claims, punitive taxes on oil, gas and petrochemical operations, windfall profit taxes, or global minimum taxes;
•
price controls;
•
changes in environmental regulations or other laws that penalize us for past or current production of legal and/or permitted products and operations, increase our cost of operation or compliance or reduce or delay available business opportunities, including changes in laws affecting offshore drilling operations, standards to complete decommissioning, water use, production of