FORM 10-Q
FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
TABLE OF CONTENTS
2
Table of Contents
PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
3
Table of Contents
4
Table of Contents
5
Table of Contents
6
Table of Contents
7
Table of Contents
Note 1. Basis of Financial Statement Preparation
These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in the context of the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in the Corporation's 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In the opinion of the Corporation, the information furnished herein reflects all known accruals and adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the results for the periods reported herein. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.
Restricted cash represents sale proceeds required to be set aside by a contractual arrangement for any potential like kind exchange. The restriction will lapse upon the earlier of completion of the exchange or the expiry of the underlying time period, which is less than one year.
The Corporation's exploration and production activities are accounted for under the "successful efforts" method.
Note 2. Pioneer Natural Resources Merger
On May 3, 2024, the Corporation acquired Pioneer Natural Resources Company ("Pioneer"), an independent oil and gas exploration and production company. In connection with the acquisition, we issued
545
million shares of ExxonMobil common stock having a fair value of $
63
billion on the acquisition date, and assumed debt with a fair value of $
5
billion.
The transaction was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805, which requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date.
The following table summarizes the provisional fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
8
Table of Contents
Debt Assumed in the Merger
The following table presents long-term debt assumed at closing:
Note 3. Litigation and Other Contingencies
Litigation
A variety of claims have been made against ExxonMobil and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries in a number of pending lawsuits. Management has regular litigation reviews, including updates from corporate and outside counsel, to assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these contingencies.
The Corporation accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the minimum of the range is accrued. The Corporation does not record liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated or when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. For contingencies where an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and which are significant, the Corporation discloses the nature of the contingency and, where feasible, an estimate of the possible loss. For purposes of our contingency disclosures, “significant” includes material matters, as well as other matters, which management believes should be disclosed.
State and local governments and other entities in various jurisdictions across the United States and its territories have filed a number of legal proceedings against several oil and gas companies, including ExxonMobil, requesting unprecedented legal and equitable relief for various alleged injuries purportedly connected to climate change. These lawsuits assert a variety of novel, untested claims under statutory and common law. Additional such lawsuits may be filed. We believe the legal and factual theories set forth in these proceedings are meritless and represent an inappropriate attempt to use the court system to usurp the proper role of policymakers in addressing the societal challenges of climate change.
Local governments in Louisiana have filed unprecedented legal proceedings against a number of oil and gas companies, including ExxonMobil, requesting compensation for the restoration of coastal marsh erosion in the state. We believe the factual and legal theories set forth in these proceedings are meritless.
While the outcome of any litigation can be unpredictable, we believe the likelihood is remote that the ultimate outcomes of these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the Corporation’s operations, financial condition, or financial statements taken as a whole. We will continue to defend vigorously against these claims.
Other Contingencies
The Corporation and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries were contingently liable at March 31, 2025, for guarantees relating to notes, loans and performance under contracts. Where guarantees for environmental remediation and other similar matters do not include a stated cap, the amounts reflect management’s estimate of the maximum potential exposure. Where it is not possible to make a reasonable estimation of the maximum potential amount of future payments, future performance is expected to be either immaterial or have only a remote chance of occurrence.
9
Table of Contents
Additionally, the Corporation and its affiliates have numerous long-term sales and purchase commitments in their various business activities, all of which are expected to be fulfilled with no adverse consequences material to the Corporation’s operations or financial condition.
Note 4. Other Comprehensive Income Information
10
Table of Contents
Note 5. Earnings Per Share
Note 6. Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
11
Table of Contents
Note 7. Financial Instruments and Derivatives
The estimated fair value of financial instruments and derivatives at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, and the related hierarchy level for the fair value measurement was as follows:
12
Table of Contents
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, the Corporation had $
538
million and $
491
million of collateral under master netting arrangements not offset against the derivatives on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, primarily related to initial margin requirements.
The Corporation may use non-derivative financial instruments, such as its foreign currency-denominated debt, as hedges of its net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries. Under this method, the change in the carrying value of the financial instruments due to foreign exchange fluctuations is reported in accumulated other comprehensive income.
As of March 31, 2025, the Corporation has designated $
3.2
billion of its Euro-denominated debt and related accrued interest as a net investment hedge of its European business. The net investment hedge is deemed to be perfectly effective.
The Corporation had undrawn short-term committed lines of credit of $
0.2
billion and undrawn long-term committed lines of credit of $
1.0
billion as of the end of first quarter 2025.
Derivative Instruments
The Corporation’s size, strong capital structure, geographic diversity, and the complementary nature of its business segments reduce the Corporation’s enterprise-wide risk from changes in commodity prices, currency rates and interest rates. In addition, the Corporation uses commodity-based contracts, including derivatives, to manage commodity price risk and to generate returns from trading. Commodity contracts held for trading purposes are presented in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income on a net basis in the line “Sales and other operating revenue" and in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in “Cash Flows from Operating Activities”. The Corporation’s commodity derivatives are not accounted for under hedge accounting. At times, the Corporation also enters into currency and interest rate derivatives, none of which are material to the Corporation’s financial position as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, or results of operations for the periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
The Corporation operates a program to hedge certain of its fixed-rate debt instruments against changes in fair value due to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate. This program utilizes fair value hedge accounting. The derivative (hedging) instruments are fixed-for-floating interest rate swaps, with settlement dates that correspond to the interest payments associated with the fixed-rate debt (hedged item). Changes in the fair values of the hedging instruments are perfectly offset by changes in the fair values of the hedged items; the effects of these changes in fair values are recorded in "Interest expense" in the Consolidated Statement of Income. This program was not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements as of the end of first quarter 2025.
Credit risk associated with the Corporation’s derivative position is mitigated by several factors, including the use of derivative clearing exchanges and the quality of and financial limits placed on derivative counterparties. The Corporation maintains a system of controls that includes the authorization, reporting, and monitoring of derivative activity.
The net notional long/(short) position of derivative instruments at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, was as follows:
Realized and unrealized gains/(losses) on derivative instruments that were recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income are included in the following lines on a before-tax basis:
13
Table of Contents
Note 8. Disclosures about Segments and Related Information
14
Table of Contents
15
Table of Contents
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Sales and other operating revenue include both revenue within the scope of ASC 606 and outside the scope of ASC 606. Trade receivables in Notes and accounts receivable – net reported on the Balance Sheet also includes both receivables within the scope of ASC 606 and those outside the scope of ASC 606. Revenue and receivables outside the scope of ASC 606 primarily relate to physically settled commodity contracts accounted for as derivatives. Contractual terms, credit quality, and type of customer are generally similar between those revenues and receivables within the scope of ASC 606 and those outside it.
Note 9. Divestment Activities
Through March 31, 2025, the Corporation realized proceeds of approximately $
1.8
billion and net after-tax earnings of approximately $
0.2
billion from its divestment activities. This included the sale of select conventional assets in Texas and New Mexico, Mobil Argentina S.A., as well as other smaller divestments.
In 2024, the Corporation realized proceeds of approximately $
5.0
billion and recognized net after-tax earnings of approximately $
1.0
billion from its divestment activities. This included the sale of the Santa Ynez Unit and associated facilities in California, Mobil Producing Nigeria Unlimited, ExxonMobil Exploration Argentina, the Fos-sur-Mer Refinery (France), the Adriatic LNG terminal (Italy), and certain conventional and unconventional assets in the United States, as well as other smaller divestments.
16
Table of Contents
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Overview
During the first quarter of 2025, the price of crude oil remained roughly flat relative to fourth quarter 2024 and near the middle of the 10-year historical range (2010-2019). Natural gas prices improved during the quarter and moved above the 10-year range on stronger global demand, driven by colder weather in the U.S. and Europe. Global industry refining margins declined and moved below the low end of the 10-year range, driven by weakness in Asia Pacific from capacity additions and higher regional feed costs. The Corporation benefited from its relatively large refining footprint in North America where industry margins improved as a result of turnarounds and industry outages. Chemical margins remained at bottom of cycle conditions, and well below the 10-year range, as growing demand was met by continued capacity additions.
During 2025, the U.S. announced a variety of trade-related actions, including the imposition of tariffs on imports from several countries. In response, many countries announced their own retaliatory tariffs. Certain tariffs were paused for a period of time but have not been withdrawn. The global trade environment continues to be volatile. The likelihood of the U.S. or its trading partners resuming tariffs, imposing new or reciprocal tariffs, export restrictions, or other forms of trade-related sanctions is highly uncertain. Additionally, significant uncertainty exists as to what effects these actions will ultimately have on the Corporation, our suppliers and our customers, as well as on the overall macroeconomic environment. We continually monitor the global trade environment and work to mitigate potential impacts.
Selected Earnings Driver Definitions
The earnings drivers provide additional visibility into our business results. The Company evaluates these drivers periodically to determine if any enhancements may provide helpful insights to the market. Listed below are descriptions of the earnings drivers:
Advantaged Volume Growth.
Represents earnings impacts from change in volume/mix from advantaged assets, advantaged projects, and high-value products.
•
Advantaged Assets (Advantaged growth projects).
Includes Permian, Guyana, and LNG.
•
Advantaged Projects.
Includes capital projects and programs of work that contribute to Energy, Chemical, and/or Specialty Products segments that drive integration of segments/businesses, increase yield of higher value products, or deliver higher than average returns.
•
High-Value Products.
Includes performance products and lower-emission fuels. Performance products (performance chemicals, performance lubricants) refers to products that provide differentiated performance for multiple applications through enhanced properties versus commodity alternatives and bring significant additional value to customers and end-users.
Lower-emission fuels refers to fuels with lower life cycle emissions than conventional transportation fuels for gasoline, diesel and jet transport.
Base Volume.
Represents all volume/mix drivers not included in Advantaged Volume Growth defined above.
Structural Cost Savings.
Represents after-tax earnings effects of Structural Cost Savings as defined on
page
19
, including cash operating expenses related to divestments.
Expenses.
Represents all expenses otherwise not included in other earnings drivers.
Timing Effects.
Represents timing effects that are primarily related to unsettled derivatives (mark-to-market) and other earnings impacts driven by timing differences between the settlement of derivatives and their offsetting physical commodity realizations (due to LIFO inventory accounting).
17
Table of Contents
Earnings (loss) excluding Identified Items
(Non-GAAP)
Earnings (loss) excluding Identified Items are earnings (loss) excluding individually significant non-operational events with, typically, an absolute corporate total earnings impact of at least $250 million in a given quarter. The earnings (loss) impact of an Identified Item for an individual segment may be less than $250 million when the item impacts several segments or several periods. Earnings (loss) excluding Identified Items does include non-operational earnings events or impacts that are generally below the $250 million threshold utilized for Identified Items. Management uses these figures to improve comparability of the underlying business across multiple periods by isolating and removing significant non-operational events from business results. The Corporation believes this view provides investors increased transparency into business results and trends, and provides investors with a view of the business as seen through the eyes of management. Earnings (loss) excluding Identified Items is not meant to be viewed in isolation or as a substitute for net income (loss) attributable to ExxonMobil as prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
References in this discussion to Corporate earnings (loss) mean net income (loss) attributable to ExxonMobil (U.S. GAAP) from the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income. Unless otherwise indicated, references to earnings (loss); Upstream, Energy Products, Chemical Products, Specialty Products, and Corporate and Financing earnings (loss); and earnings (loss) per share are ExxonMobil's share after excluding amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests.
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to the totals indicated.
18
Table of Contents
Structural Cost Savings
(Non-GAAP)
Structural Cost Savings describes decreases in cash opex excluding energy and production taxes as a result of operational efficiencies, workforce reductions, divestment-related reductions, and other cost-savings measures that are expected to be sustainable compared to 2019 levels. Relative to 2019, estimated cumulative Structural Cost Savings totaled $12.7 billion, which included an additional $0.6 billion in the first three months of 2025. The total change between periods in expenses below will reflect both Structural Cost Savings and other changes in spend, including market factors, such as inflation and foreign exchange impacts, as well as changes in activity levels and costs associated with new operations, mergers and acquisitions, new business venture development, and early-stage projects. Structural Cost Savings from new operations, mergers and acquisitions, and new business venture developments are included in the cumulative Structural Cost Savings. Estimates of cumulative annual structural savings may be revised depending on whether cost reductions realized in prior periods are determined to be sustainable compared to 2019 levels. Structural Cost Savings are stewarded internally to support management's oversight of spending over time. This measure is useful for investors to understand the Corporation's efforts to optimize spending through disciplined expense management.
19
Table of Contents
REVIEW OF FIRST QUARTER 2025 RESULTS
ExxonMobil’s first quarter 2025 earnings were $7.7 billion, compared to $8.2 billion a year earlier. The decrease in earnings was mainly driven by a significant decline in industry refining margins, weaker crude prices, lower base volumes from divestments, and higher expenses driven by growth initiatives, partly offset by increased volumes from advantaged Upstream investments in the Permian and Guyana, favorable timing effects from derivatives mark-to-market impacts and Structural Cost Savings. Cash capital expenditures were $5.9 billion, up $0.7 billion from first quarter 2024.
UPSTREAM
Price – Price impacts decreased earnings by $450 million, driven by a decrease in liquids realizations, partly offset by an increase in natural gas realizations.
Advantaged Volume Growth – Higher volumes from advantaged assets increased earnings by $920 million, driven by growing production in Permian, including the Pioneer acquisition, and Guyana.
Base Volume – Base volumes from divestments decreased earnings by $180 million.
Structural Cost Savings – Increased earnings by $310 million.
Expenses – Higher expenses decreased earnings by $180 million from higher depreciation.
Other – All other items increased earnings by $400 million, mainly driven by divestments.
Timing Effects – Favorable timing effects, mainly from derivatives mark-to-market impacts, increased earnings by $280 million.
20
Table of Contents
21
Table of Contents
Listed below are descriptions of ExxonMobil’s volumes reconciliation drivers which are provided to facilitate understanding of the terms.
Entitlements - Net Interest
are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of production volumes caused by non-operational changes to volume-determining drivers. These drivers consist of net interest changes specified in Production Sharing Contracts (PSCs), which typically occur when cumulative investment returns or production volumes achieve defined thresholds, changes in equity upon achieving pay-out in partner investment carry situations, equity redeterminations as specified in venture agreements, or as a result of the termination or expiry of a concession. Once a net interest change has occurred, it typically will not be reversed by subsequent events, such as lower crude oil prices.
Entitlements - Price, Spend and Other
are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of production volumes resulting from temporary changes to non-operational volume-determining drivers. These drivers include changes in oil and gas prices or spending levels from one period to another. According to the terms of contractual arrangements or government royalty regimes, price or spending variability can increase or decrease royalty burdens and/or volumes attributable to ExxonMobil. For example, at higher prices, fewer barrels are required for ExxonMobil to recover its costs. These effects generally vary from period to period with field spending patterns or market prices for oil and natural gas. Such drivers can also include other temporary changes in net interest as dictated by specific provisions in production agreements.
Government Mandates
are changes to ExxonMobil's sustainable production levels as a result of production limits or sanctions imposed by governments.
Divestments
are reductions in ExxonMobil’s production arising from commercial arrangements to fully or partially reduce equity in a field or asset in exchange for financial or other economic consideration.
Growth and Other
comprise all other operational and non-operational drivers not covered by the above definitions that may affect volumes attributable to ExxonMobil. Such drivers include, but are not limited to, production enhancements from project and work program activities, acquisitions including additions from asset exchanges, downtime, market demand, natural field decline, and any fiscal or commercial terms that do not affect entitlements.
22
Table of Contents
ENERGY PRODUCTS
Margin – Industry refining margins decreased earnings by $1,290 million, normalizing from historically high levels.
Advantaged Volume Growth – Higher volumes from advantaged projects increased earnings by $10 million.
Base Volume – Lower base volumes decreased earnings by $70 million.
Structural Cost Savings
– Increased earnings by $110 million.
Expenses
– Lower expenses increased earnings by $60 million.
Other – All other items increased earnings by $200 million, reflecting favorable forex and inventory impacts.
Timing Effects – Favorable timing effects, mainly from the absence of prior year unfavorable derivatives mark-to-market impacts, increased earnings by $430 million.
23
Table of Contents
CHEMICAL PRODUCTS
24
Table of Contents
Margin
– Weaker margins decreased earnings by $290 million, driven by higher feed costs in North America.
Advantaged Volume Growth – High-value product sales growth increased earnings by $10 million.
Base Volume – Lower base volumes decreased earnings by $70 million, driven by absence of prior year opportunistic sales.
Structural Cost Savings
– Increased earnings by $30 million.
Expenses
– Higher spend on advantaged projects and turnaround activity decreased earnings by $130 million.
Other – All other items decreased earnings by $60 million.
25
Table of Contents
SPECIALTY PRODUCTS
Margin
– Stronger margins increased earnings by $10 million.
Advantaged Volume – Earnings remained flat.
Base Volume – Lower base volumes decreased earnings by $30 million.
Structural Cost Savings
– Increased earnings by $40 million.
Expenses
– Higher expenses mainly related to new product development costs, decreased earnings by $70 million.
Other – All other items decreased earnings by $60 million, mainly driven by unfavorable forex effects.
26
Table of Contents
CORPORATE AND FINANCING
Corporate and Financing expenses were $798 million for the first quarter of 2025, $436 million higher than the first quarter of 2024, due to lower interest income, unfavorable foreign exchange effects and increased pension-related expenses.
27
Table of Contents
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Cash flow from operations and asset sales in the first quarter of 2025 was $14.8 billion, a decrease of $0.6 billion from the comparable 2024 period primarily due to unfavorable working capital.
Cash provided by operating activities totaled $13.0 billion for the first three months of 2025, $1.7 billion lower than 2024. Net income including noncontrolling interests was $8.0 billion, a decrease of $0.5 billion from the prior year period. The adjustment for the noncash provision of $5.7 billion for depreciation and depletion was up $0.9 billion from 2024. Changes in operational working capital were a reduction of $0.9 billion during the period. All other items net increased cash flows by $96 million in 2025 versus a decrease of $0.7 billion in 2024. See the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for additional details.
Investing activities for the first three months of 2025 used net cash of $4.1 billion, a decrease of $0.4 billion compared to the prior year. Spending for additions to property, plant and equipment of $5.9 billion was $0.8 billion higher than 2024. Proceeds from asset sales were $1.8 billion, an increase of $1.1 billion compared to the prior year. Net investments and advances decreased $0.1 billion from $0.2 billion in 2024.
Net cash used in financing activities was $13.6 billion in the first three months of 2025, including $4.8 billion for the purchase of 43.4 million shares of ExxonMobil stock, as part of the previously announced buyback program. This compares to net cash used in financing activities of $8.0 billion in the prior year. Total debt at the end of the first quarter of 2025 was $37.6 billion compared to $41.7 billion at year-end 2024. The Corporation's debt to total capital ratio was 12.2 percent at the end of the first quarter of 2025 compared to 13.4 percent at year-end 2024. The net debt to capital ratio
(1)
was 7.1 percent at the end of the first quarter, an increase of 0.6 percentage points from year-end 2024. The Corporation's capital allocation priorities are investing in competitively advantaged, high-return projects; maintaining a strong balance sheet; and sharing our success with our shareholders through more consistent share repurchases and a growing dividend. The Corporation distributed a total of $4.3 billion to shareholders in the first three months of 2025 through dividends.
The Corporation has access to significant capacity of long-term and short-term liquidity. Internally generated funds are expected to cover the majority of financial requirements, supplemented by long-term and short-term debt. The Corporation had undrawn short-term committed lines of credit of $0.2 billion and undrawn long-term committed lines of credit of $1.0 billion as of the end of first quarter 2025.
The Corporation, as part of its ongoing asset management program, continues to evaluate its mix of assets for potential upgrade. Because of the ongoing nature of this program, dispositions will continue to be made from time to time which will result in either gains or losses. Additionally, the Corporation continues to evaluate opportunities to enhance its business portfolio through acquisitions of assets or companies, and enters into such transactions from time to time. Key criteria for evaluating acquisitions include strategic fit, cost synergies, potential for future growth, low cost of supply, and attractive valuations. Acquisitions may be made with cash, shares of the Corporation’s common stock, or both.
Litigation and other contingencies are discussed in
Note
3
to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.
(1)
Net debt is total debt of $37.6 billion less $17.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents excluding restricted cash . Net debt to capital ratio is net debt divided by net debt plus total equity of $269.8 billion. Total debt is the sum of notes and loans payable and long-term debt, as reported in the consolidated balance sheet.
28
Table of Contents
TAXES
Total taxes were $10.6 billion for the first quarter of 2025, a decrease of $0.3 billion from 2024. Income tax expense was $3.6 billion compared to $3.8 billion in the prior year. The effective income tax rate, which is calculated based on consolidated company income taxes and ExxonMobil's share of equity company income taxes, was 34 percent. This decreased from the 36 percent rate in the prior year period due primarily to a change in mix of results in jurisdictions with varying tax rates. Total other taxes and duties decreased by $0.1 billion to $7.1 billion.
CASH CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
(Non-GAAP)
Cash capital expenditures (Cash Capex) is the sum of Additions to property, plant and equipment; Additional investments and advances; and Other investing activities including collection of advances; reduced by Inflows from noncontrolling interests for major projects, each from the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. This measure is useful for investors to understand the current period cash impact of investments in the business.
Cash capex in the first quarter of 2025 was $5.9 billion, up $0.7 billion from the first quarter of 2024.
The Corporation plans to invest in the range of $27 billion to $29 billion in 2025. Actual spending could vary depending on the progress of individual projects and property acquisitions.
29
Table of Contents
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Statements related to future events; projections; descriptions of strategic, operating, and financial plans and objectives; statements of future ambitions and plans; future earnings power; potential addressable markets; and other statements of future events or conditions are forward-looking statements. Similarly, discussion of future plans related to carbon capture, transportation and storage, lower-emission fuels, hydrogen, ammonia, direct air capture, Proxxima
TM
systems, carbon materials, lithium, low-carbon data centers, and other future plans to reduce emissions and emission intensity of ExxonMobil, its affiliates, and third parties are dependent on future market factors, such as continued technological progress, stable policy support and timely rule-making and permitting, and represent forward-looking statements.
Actual future results, including financial and operating performance; potential earnings, cash flow, dividends or shareholder returns, including the timing and amounts of share repurchases; total capital expenditures and mix, including allocations of capital to low carbon and other new investments; realization and maintenance of structural cost reductions and efficiency gains, including the ability to offset inflationary pressure; plans to reduce future emissions and emissions intensity, including ambitions to reach Scope 1 and Scope 2 net zero from operated assets by 2050, to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero in heritage Permian Basin
unconventional operated assets by 2030 and in Pioneer Permian assets by 2035, to eliminate routine flaring in-line with World Bank Zero Routine Flaring, to reach near-zero methane emissions from operated assets and other methane initiatives; and to meet ExxonMobil’s emission reduction plans and goals, divestment and start-up plans, and associated project plans as well as technology advances, including the timing and outcome of projects to capture, transport and store CO
2
, produce hydrogen and ammonia, produce lower-emission fuels, produce Proxxima
TM
systems, produce carbon materials, produce lithium, and use plastic waste as feedstock for advanced recycling; future debt levels and credit ratings; business and project plans, timing, costs, capacities and profitability; resource recoveries and production rates; and planned Denbury and Pioneer integrated benefits, could differ materially due to a number of factors.
These include global or regional changes in the supply and demand for oil, natural gas, petrochemicals, and feedstocks and other market factors; economic conditions and seasonal fluctuations that impact prices and differentials for our products; developments or changes in local, national, or international laws, regulations, taxes, trade sanctions, trade tariffs, or policies affecting our business, such as government policies supporting lower carbon and new market investment opportunities, the punitive European taxes on the oil and gas sector and unequal support for different technological methods of emissions reduction or evolving, ambiguous and unharmonized standards imposed by various jurisdictions related to sustainability and greenhouse gas reporting; timely granting of governmental permits and certifications; uncertain impacts of deregulation on the legal and regulatory environment; variable impacts of trading activities on our margins and results each quarter; actions of co-venturers, competitors and commercial counterparties; the outcome of commercial negotiations, including final agreed terms and conditions; the outcome of competitive bidding and project awards; the ability to access debt markets on favorable terms or at all; the occurrence, pace, rate of recovery and effects of public health crises; adoption of regulatory incentives consistent with law; reservoir performance, including variability and timing factors applicable to unconventional resources and the success of new unconventional technologies; the level, outcome, and timing of exploration and development projects and decisions to invest in future reserves and resources; timely completion of construction projects; final management approval of future projects and any changes in the scope, terms, costs or assumptions of such projects as approved; the actions of government or other actors against our core business activities and acquisitions, divestitures or financing opportunities; war, civil unrest, attacks against the Company or industry, and other geopolitical or security disturbances, including disruption of land or sea transportation routes; decoupling of economies, realignment of global trade and supply chain networks, and disruptions in military alliances; expropriations, seizure, or capacity, insurance, shipping, import or export limitations imposed by governments or laws; opportunities for potential acquisitions, investments or divestments and satisfaction of applicable conditions to closing, including timely regulatory approvals; the capture of efficiencies within and between business lines and the ability to maintain near-term cost reductions as ongoing efficiencies without impairing our competitive positioning; unforeseen technical or operating difficulties and unplanned maintenance; the development and competitiveness of alternative energy and emission reduction technologies; consumer preferences including willingness and ability to pay for reduced emission products; the results of research programs and the ability to bring new technologies to commercial scale on a cost-competitive basis; and other factors discussed under "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of ExxonMobil’s 2024 Form 10-K.
Forward-looking and other statements regarding environmental and other sustainability efforts and aspirations are not an indication that these statements are material to investors or require disclosure in our filing with the SEC or any other regulatory authority. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking environmental and other sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future, including future rule-making.
30
Table of Contents
Actions needed to advance ExxonMobil’s 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reductions plans are incorporated into its medium-term business plans, which are updated annually. The reference case for planning beyond 2030 is based on the Company’s Global Outlook (Outlook) research and publication. The Outlook is reflective of the existing global policy environment and an assumption of increasing policy stringency and technology improvement to 2050. Current trends for policy stringency and development of lower-emission solutions are not yet on a pathway to achieve net-zero by 2050. As such, the Outlook does not project the degree of required future policy and technology advancement and deployment for the world, or ExxonMobil, to meet net zero by 2050. As future policies and technology advancements emerge, they will be incorporated into the Outlook, and ExxonMobil’s business plans will be updated accordingly. References to projects or opportunities may not reflect investment decisions made by ExxonMobil or its affiliates. Individual projects or opportunities may advance based on a number of factors, including availability of stable and supportive policy, permitting, technological advancement for cost-effective abatement, insights from the Company planning process, and alignment with our partners and other stakeholders. Capital investment guidance in lower-emission investments is based on our Corporate plan; however, actual investment levels will be subject to the availability of the opportunity set, public policy support, and focused on returns.
The term “project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports.
ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Information about market risks for the three months ended March 31, 2025, does not differ materially from that discussed under Item 7A of the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2024.
ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
As indicated in the certifications in Exhibit 31 of this report, the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer have evaluated the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2025. Based on that evaluation, these officers have concluded that the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Corporation in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and communicated to them in a manner that allows for timely decisions regarding required disclosures and are effective in ensuring that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms. There were no changes during the Corporation’s last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting.
31
Table of Contents
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
ExxonMobil has elected to use a $1 million threshold for disclosing environmental proceedings.
As reported in the Corporation’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, in December 2024, XTO signed a consent decree with the Department of Justice to resolve alleged violations of the General Duty Clause of the Clean Air Act as it related to the Schnegg well in Powhatan Point, Ohio upon payment of an $8.0 million penalty. On March 11, 2025, the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio entered the consent decree, and XTO paid the civil penalty of $8.0 million.
As reported in the Corporation’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, on December 11, 2024, the Fifth Circuit affirmed the judgment of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas assessing a $14.25 million penalty against ExxonMobil related to alleged Clean Air Act and other violations at the Baytown complex. On March 11, 2025, ExxonMobil filed a petition for review with the U.S. Supreme Court.
Refer to the relevant portions of
Note 3
of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information on legal proceedings.
ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
During the first quarter, the Corporation did not issue or sell any unregistered equity securities
.
ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION
During the three months ended March 31, 2025,
none of the Company’s directors or officers adopted or terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.
ITEM 6. EXHIBITS
See Index to Exhibits of this report.
32
Table of Contents
INDEX TO EXHIBITS
33
SIGNATURE
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
34